#fields	indicator	indicator_type	meta.source	meta.desc
ads234.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads345.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ads234.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ads345.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media.fastclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.fastclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
006.free-counter.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
006.freecounters.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
0stats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
123counter.mycomputer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
123counter.superstats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
1ca.cqcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
1uk.cqcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
1us.cqcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
1xxx.cqcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
20585485p.rfihub.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
3dns-1.adobe.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
3dns-2.adobe.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
3dns-3.adobe.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
3dns-4.adobe.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
3dns.adobe.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
4-counter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a-nj.1rx.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a-ssl.ligatus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.predictvideo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.visualrevenue.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
abclnks.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aboardamusement.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
abscbn.spinbox.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
activity.serving-sys.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adadvisor.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adapi.ragapa.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adcounter.theglobeandmail.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
addfreestats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adelogs.adobe.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ademails.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adlog.com.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
admin.iovation.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adopt.specificclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adpatrof.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.tiscali.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adtrack.appcpi.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adult.foxcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
affpool.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
alert.mac-notification.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
alpha.easy-hit-counters.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
amateur.xxxcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
amer.rel.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
an.mlb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
analytics-ingress-global.bitmovin.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
analytics-static.ugc.bazaarvoice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
analytics.foresee.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
analytics.global.sky.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
analytics.msnbc.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
analytics.ooyala.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
analytics.prx.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
analytics.publitas.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
analytics.sleeknote.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
analytics.tiktok.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
anonymousdemographics.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ant.conversive.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
apac.rel.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
api.adsymptotic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
api.behavioralengine.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
api.bizographics.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
api.gameanalytics.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
api.infinario.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
api.intentiq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
api.redshell.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
api.simpleanalytics.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
api.tumra.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
apiadapter.ad5track.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
apis.murdoog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
app-analytics-v2.snapchat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
app-analytics.snapchat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
app.yesware.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
arbo.hit.gemius.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aus-mec-tracking.adalyser.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aus-smv-tracking.adalyser.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
auspice.augur.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
b.stats.paypal.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bam.nr-data.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banner.0catch.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banners.webcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
be.sitestat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
beacon-1.newrelic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
beacon.krxd.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
beacon.scorecardresearch.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
belierlaine.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
benchemail.bmetrack.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
best-search.cc	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
beta.easy-hit-counters.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
beta.easyhitcounters.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bigdata.adfuture.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bigdata.adsunflower.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bigdata.adups.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bigdata.advmob.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bindedge.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bindfast.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
biomagin.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bkrtx.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bleachbit.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bluekai.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bluestreak.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
brightroll.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
brucelead.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bullionglidingscuttle.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.go-mpulse.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.statcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.thecounter.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c0.adalyser.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c1.statcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c1.thecounter.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c1.xxxcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c10.statcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c11.statcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c12.statcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c13.statcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c14.statcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c15.statcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c16.statcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c17.statcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c2.gostats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c2.thecounter.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c2.xxxcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c3.adalyser.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c3.gostats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c3.statcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c3.xxxcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c4.myway.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c4.statcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c5.statcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c6.statcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c7.statcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c8.statcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c9.statcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ca.cqcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cashcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cb1.counterbot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ccleaner.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn-gl.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn-social.janrain.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.decibelinsight.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.doublepimpssl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.simpleanalytics.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.taboolasyndication.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.zarget.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cf.addthis.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cgi.sexlist.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cgicounter.onlinehome.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cgicounter.puretec.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ci-admin.iovation.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cig-arrete.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
citrix.tradedoubler.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clckcloud.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
click.atdmt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
click.icptrack.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
click.jve.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
click.payserve.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
click.silvercash.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clickauditor.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clickmeter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clicks.emarketmakers.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clicks.m4n.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clicks.natwest.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clicks.rbs.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clickspring.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clickstatsview.earnmoneycasinos.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clicktrack.onlineemailmarketing.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clicktrack.premium-shops.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clicktracker.alloymarketing.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clicktracks.webmetro.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clit10.sextracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clit13.sextracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clit15.sextracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clit2.sextracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clit4.sextracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clit6.sextracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clit7.sextracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clit8.sextracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clit9.sextracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clk.aboxdeal.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clk.relestar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cnn.entertainment.printthis.clickability.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cnt.xcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
code.murdoog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
collector.deepmetrix.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
connectionlead.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
connexity.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
convertro.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
convnjmp.basebanner.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cookies.cmpnet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
count.channeladvisor.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
count.paycounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.123counts.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.adultcheck.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.adultrevenueservice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.advancewebhosting.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.aport.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.avp2000.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.bizland.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.bloke.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.clubnet.ro	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.cnw.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.dreamhost.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.execpc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.fateback.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.gamespy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.hitslink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.hitslinks.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.inetusa.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.kaspersky.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.letssingit.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.mtree.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.mycomputer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.nope.dk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.nowlinux.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.rambler.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.search.bg	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.sparklit.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.superstats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.surfcounters.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.topping.com.ua	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.tripod.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.w3open.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.webmedia.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.xxxcool.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.yadro.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter1.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter1.sextracker.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter1.sextracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter10.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter10.sextracker.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter10.sextracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter11.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter11.sextracker.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter11.sextracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter12.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter12.sextracker.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter12.sextracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter13.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter13.sextracker.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter13.sextracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter14.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter14.sextracker.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter14.sextracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter15.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter15.sextracker.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter15.sextracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter16.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter16.sextracker.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter16.sextracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter17.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter18.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter19.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter2.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter2.freeware.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter2.hitslink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter2.sextracker.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter2.sextracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter20.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter21.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter22.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter23.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter24.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter25.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter26.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter27.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter28.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter29.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter3.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter3.sextracker.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter3.sextracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter30.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter31.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter32.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter33.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter34.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter35.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter36.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter37.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter38.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter39.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter4.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter4.sextracker.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter4.sextracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter40.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter41.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter42.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter43.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter44.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter45.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter46.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter47.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter48.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter49.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter4all.dk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter4u.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter5.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter5.sextracker.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter5.sextracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter50.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter6.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter6.sextracker.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter6.sextracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter7.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter7.sextracker.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter7.sextracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter8.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter8.sextracker.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter8.sextracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter9.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter9.sextracker.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter9.sextracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counteraport.spylog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counterbot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
countercrazy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counters.auctionhelper.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counters.auctionwatch.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counters.auctiva.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counters.honesty.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cs.sexcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cw.nu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cyberduck.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cyseal.cyveillance.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cz3.clickzs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cz6.clickzs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
da.newstogram.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dap.digitalgov.gov	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
data.coremetrics.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
data.murdoog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
data.webads.co.nz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
data2.perf.overture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dc43.s290.meetrics.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dclk.themarker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dclk.themarketer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
de-config.sensic.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
de.sitestat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
de.tynt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
def.dev-nano.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
didtheyreadit.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
digistats.westjet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dimeprice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
directads.mcafee.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dkb01.webtrekk.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dnsdelegation.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dotcomsecrets.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dpbolvw.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dwclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dyn.emetriq.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wfk4ehd5afq.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wfk4ggdzkbo.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wfk4gkcpiep.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wfk4skdpogo.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wfkiakdjgcp.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wfkiepczoeo.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wfkikjd5glq.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wfkiokc5odp.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wfkiqjcpifp.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wfkocjczedo.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wfkokjajseq.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wfkowkdjokp.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wfkykpazskq.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wflicocjklo.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wfligpd5iap.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wflikgdpodo.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wflikiajslo.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wflioldzoco.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wfliwpczolp.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wfloenczmkq.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wflokmajedo.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wfloqgc5mho.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wfmysgdzobo.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wgkigpcjedo.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wgkisnd5abo.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wgkoandzieq.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wgkycpcpsgq.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wgkyepajmeo.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wgkyknd5sko.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wgkyomdpalp.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6whkiandzkko.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6whkiepd5iho.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6whkiwjdjwhq.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wjk4amd5mfp.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wjk4kkcjalp.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wjk4ukazebo.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wjkosodpmaq.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wjkouhd5eao.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wjkowhd5ggo.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wjkowjajcbo.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wjkyandpogq.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wjkycpdzckp.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wjkyqmdzcgo.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wjkysndzigp.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wjl4qhd5kdo.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wjlichdjoep.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wjliehcjglp.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wjlignajgaq.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wjloagc5oco.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wjlougazmao.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wjlyamdpogo.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wjlyckcpelq.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wjlyeodjkcq.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wjlygkd5ecq.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wjmiekc5olo.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wjmyehd5mfo.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wjmyooczoeo.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wjny-1idzkh.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wjnyagcpkko.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wjnyeocpcdo.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wjnygidjskq.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-2dj6wjnyqkajabp.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-n.y-1shz2prbmdj6wvny-1sez2pra2dj6wjmyepdzadpwudj6x9ny-1seq-2-2.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-ny.a-1shz2prbmdj6wvny-1sez2pra2dj6wjny-1jcpgbowsdj6x9ny-1seq-2-2.stats.esomniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e.crashlytics.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
easy-web-stats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ecestats.theglobeandmail.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
economisttestcollect.insightfirst.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eds.ca.matchbox.maruhub.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
email.positionly.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
emea.rel.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
engine.cmmeglobal.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
enoratraffic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
environmentalgraffiti.uk.intellitxt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
es.optimost.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eu-track.inside-graph.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eus.rubiconproject.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
exch.quantserve.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
extremereach.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eztrck.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fastcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fastcounter.linkexchange.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fastcounter.linkexchange.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fastlane.rubiconproject.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fastwebcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fdbdo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fi.sitestat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
firebaselogging.googleapis.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fl01.ct2.comclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
flixprice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
flury-ycpi.gycpi.b.yahoodns.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
flycast.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
formalyzer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
foxcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
free.xxxcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
freeinvisiblecounters.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
freerapid.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
freestats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
freewebcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fs10.fusestats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ft2.autonomycloud.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gameanalysis.appcpi.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gapl.hit.gemius.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gator.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gbr-7stars-tracking.adalyser.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gbr-carat-tracking.adalyser.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gbr-mbww-tracking.adalyser.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gbr-smv-tracking.adalyser.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gbr-tbh-tracking.adalyser.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcounter.hosting4u.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
geocounter.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gj.mmstat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
goldstats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
googfle.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
googletagservices.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gostats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
grafix.xxxcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gscounters.us1.gigya.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gslbeacon.lijit.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gtcc1.acecounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hbopenbid.pubmatic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hc2.humanclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
highscanprotect.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hit-counter.udub.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hit.clickaider.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hit10.hotlog.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hit2.hotlog.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hit37.chark.dk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hit37.chart.dk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hit39.chart.dk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hit5.hotlog.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hit8.hotlog.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hits.guardian.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hits.webstat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hst.tradedoubler.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
htm.freelogs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
i.kissmetrics.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ic.tynt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
iccee.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
id.sputniknews.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
idm.hit.gemius.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ieplugin.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
iesnare.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
iesnare.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ilead.itrack.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
images-aud.freshmeat.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
images-aud.slashdot.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
images-aud.sourceforge.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
images.dailydiscounts.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
images1.paycounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imp.clickability.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
impacts.alliancehub.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
impch.tradedoubler.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
impde.tradedoubler.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
impdk.tradedoubler.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
impes.tradedoubler.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
impfr.tradedoubler.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
impgb.tradedoubler.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
impie.tradedoubler.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
impit.tradedouble.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
impit.tradedoubler.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
impnl.tradedoubler.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
impno.tradedoubler.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imprammp.taboola.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
impse.tradedoubler.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
in.paycounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
in.treasuredata.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
in.webcounter.cc	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
insightfirst.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
insightxe.looksmart.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
int.sitestat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
intljs.rmtag.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
iovation.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
iovation.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
iplogger.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
iprocollect.realmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
istat.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
izarc.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jdownloader.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgoyk.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jkearns.freestats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
js.cybermonitor.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
js.hs-analytics.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
js.revsci.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
justtrck.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
k.clarity.ms	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kissmetrics.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kqzyfj.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kt4.kliptracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lcprd1.samsungcloudsolution.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lcprd2.samsungcloudsolution.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
leadpub.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lin31.metriweb.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
linkcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
linkcounter.pornosite.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
linktrack.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
listen.audiohook.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
loadus.exelator.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
loc1.hitsprocessor.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lockerdome.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
log.btopenworld.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
log999.goo.ne.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
loga.xiti.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
logc1.xiti.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
logc146.xiti.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
logc22.xiti.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
logc31.xiti.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
logi6.xiti.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
logi7.xiti.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
logi8.xiti.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
logp3.xiti.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
logs.eresmas.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
logs.eresmas.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
logv14.xiti.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
logv17.xiti.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
logv18.xiti.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
logv21.xiti.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
logv25.xiti.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
logv27.xiti.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
logv29.xiti.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
logv32.xiti.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
logv4.xiti.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lpcloudsvr302.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lycoscollect.realmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
m1.nedstatbasic.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
m1.webstats4u.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mailcheckisp.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mailfoogae.appspot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mailtrack.me	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
marketaff.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mature.xxxcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mbox5.offermatica.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media.superstats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mediatrack.revenue.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metric.infoworld.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metric.nationalgeographic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metric.nwsource.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metric.olivegarden.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metric.starz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.accuweather.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.al.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.att.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.brightcove.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.cbc.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.cleveland.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.cnn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.csmonitor.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.ctv.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.dallasnews.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.elle.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.experts-exchange.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.gap.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.health.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.hrblock.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.ireport.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.kgw.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.ktvb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.landolakes.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.lhj.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.mlive.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.mysanantonio.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.nba.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.nextgov.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.nfl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.npr.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.oclc.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.oregonlive.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.philly.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.post-gazette.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.rottentomatoes.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.sephora.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.sun.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.theatlantic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.thedailybeast.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.thefa.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.thefrisky.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.thenation.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.theweathernetwork.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.tmz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.toyota.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.tulsaworld.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.washingtonpost.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.whitepages.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.womansday.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.yellowpages.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.yousendit.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mktg.actonsoftware.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mmstat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mng1.clickalyzer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mobile.webvisor.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mononoteapp.firebaseio.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
monster.gostats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
msn1.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
msnm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mt122.mtree.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mtcount.channeladvisor.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mtrcs.popcap.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
murdoog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mvtracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mybbc-analytics.files.bbci.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nedstat.s0.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
net-radar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nethit-free.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
network.leadpub.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
neweggstats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nextgenstats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nht-2.extreme-dm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nl.nedstatbasic.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
noticias.life	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
notify.bugsnag.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
notify1.brucelead.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
o.addthis.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
objects.tremormedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
okcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
omniture.theglobeandmail.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
omtrdc.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
one.123counters.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
open.oneplus.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
other.xxxcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ourtoolbar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
p.addthis.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
p.bm23.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
p.reuters.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
passpport.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
paycounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pei-ads.thesmokingjacket.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pf.tradedoubler.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
photobox-tracking.adalyser.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pings.blip.tv	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pituitosus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pix02.revsci.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pix03.revsci.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pix04.revsci.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pixel-geo.prfct.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pixel.advertising.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pixel.bilinmedia.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pixel.invitemedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pixel.staticworld.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pixel.tapad.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pixel.wp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pn2.adserver.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pointclicktrack.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
post.update.fbsbx.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
postclick.adcentriconline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
postmedia.us.janrainsso.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
precisioncounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
printmail.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
privacy-policy.truste.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
prof.estat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
propeller-tracking.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
quantcast584928381.s.moatpixel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
quantserve.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
r1-t.trackedlink.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redshell.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rightmedia.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rightstats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rmcentre.bigfilmproduction.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rr1.xxxcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rr2.xxxcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rts.pgmediaserve.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rts.phn.doublepimp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s-39.predictvideo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.bl-1.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.clickability.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.go-mpulse.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.update.fbsbx.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s1-tracking.adalyser.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s1.shinystat.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s10.histats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s2.statcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s290.mxcdn.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s3.hit.stat.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s4.histats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s4.shinystat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sact.atdmt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sc-analytics.appspot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sclk.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scorecardresearch.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scribe.twitter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scrooge.click10.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scrooge.nbc11.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scrooge.nbc4.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scrooge.nbcsandiego.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scrooge.newsnet5.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scrooge.thedenverchannel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scrooge.theindychannel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scrooge.wesh.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scrooge.wnbc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sdc.rbistats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sdkapi.netmera.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
se.sitestat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
searchadv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
secure-dcr.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
secure-drm.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
secure-gg.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
secure-it.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
secure-us.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
secure.quantserve.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server1.opentracker.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server10.opentracker.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server11.opentracker.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server3.web-stat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
service.bfast.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
service.maxymiser.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sessions.bugsnag.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sexcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
seznam.hit.gemius.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
showads.pubmatic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
showcount.honest.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sideshow.directtrack.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
siteimproveanalytics.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sitestat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sitestats.tiscali.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
smartstats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
smetrics.att.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
smetrics.tesco.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
smetrics.washingtonpost.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
softcore.xxxcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
softonic.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
solamor.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
songbird.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
spinbox.versiontracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
spklds.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ss.tiscali.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
st.sageanalyst.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
st1.hit.gemius.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stags.peer39.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
startup.mobile.webvisor.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
startup.mobile.yandex.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stat.4u.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stat.alibaba.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stat.netmonitor.fi	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stat.onestat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stat.webmedia.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stat.www.fi	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stat.yellowtracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stat1.z-stat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stat3.cybermonitor.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
statcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.audienceinsights.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.kibboko.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.smni.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.trackedweb.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
statistics.elsevier.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
statistics.reedbusiness.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
statistics.theonion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
statistik-gallup.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.24ways.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.absol.co.za	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.adlice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.adotube.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.adultswim.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.airfarewatchdog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.allliquid.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.arrowos.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.askmen.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.bbc.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.becu.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.big-boards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.blogoscoop.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.buysellads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.cafepress.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.canalblog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.cartoonnetwork.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.clickability.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.concierge.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.datahjaelp.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.dziennik.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.economist.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.epicurious.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.fairmont.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.fastcompany.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.foxcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.gamestop.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.globesports.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.groupninetyfour.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.ign.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.ilsemedia.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.independent.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.investors.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.iwebtrack.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.jippii.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.ladotstats.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.ozguryazilim.com.tr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.paycounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.popscreen.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.resellerratings.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.revenue.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.superstats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.telegraph.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.thoughtcatalog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.townnews.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.ultimate-webservices.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.unionleader.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.unipi.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.vodpod.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.wordpress.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.wp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.www.ibm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats1.clicktracks.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats1.corusradio.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats2.clicktracks.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats2.gourmet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats2.newyorker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats2.rte.ie	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats2.vanityfair.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats4all.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats5.lightningcast.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats6.lightningcast.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
statse.webtrendslive.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stl.p.a1.traceworks.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
straighttangerine.cz.cc	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stratus.campaign-image.com.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sugoicounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
superstats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sync.bfmio.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sync.clickonometrics.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
systweak.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
t.senaldos.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
t.senaluno.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
t.signaletre.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
t.signauxdeux.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
t.update.fbsbx.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
t.yesware.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tag.crsspxl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tags.bkrtx.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
targetnet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tates.freestats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tcookie.usatoday.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tcr.tynt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
telecharger-openoffice.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tgpcounter.freethumbnailgalleries.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
the-counter.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
the.sextracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
themecounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tipsurf.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
toolbarpartner.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tools.spylog.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
top.mail.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
topstats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tour.SweetDiscreet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tour.xxxblackbook.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tr.adinterax.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.adform.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.adrevolver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.bannerbridge.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.brucelead.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.clearsender.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.construclique.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.did-it.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.dotsly.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.effiliation.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.eg-innovations.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.enviodemails.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.gaug.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.homestead.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.lfstmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.mdirector.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.mdrctr.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.afgz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.ajfy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.ceio.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.cxtv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.dgt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.dxr.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.emee.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.eqq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.hih.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.hlh.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.hnsl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.igzr.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.iuf.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.iuh.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.jzz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.kfgy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.kfz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.kkal.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.kpuo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.krt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.llu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.ltp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.lyv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.lzwp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.mjze.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.mur.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.nho.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.nyfg.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.oah.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.pcp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.pszn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.pwpn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.qpz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.qsvv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.qymv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.rfjq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.sax.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.sgq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.shy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.szc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.tnuw.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.toj.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.tux.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.usx.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.vbug.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.vcf.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.vrhe.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.wdm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.wfm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.wmd.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.wup.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.xda.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.xpp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.xxx.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.xzwy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.ybi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.ytbp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.zepw.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.zhv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.zlx.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.zmmr.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.zul.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.zvjw.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.msadcenter.zzv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.nifty.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.omg2.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.pplnk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.publeadmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.rediff.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.searchignite.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.upaknee.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.vivid.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.webgains.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.xapads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.zipalerts.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.ziprecruiter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.zulumarketing.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track12.offersbymail.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracker.bonnint.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracker.bt.uol.com.br	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracker.cl1.fidelizador.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracker.clicktrade.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracker.consumerpackage.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracker.coopt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracker.hitmatic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracker.mattel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracker.netklix.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracker.remp.impresa.pt	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracker.tradedoubler.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracker1.leadiya.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking-lealcobrancaspremium.p-email.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.10e20.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.3com.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.adalyser.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.adgoon.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.adjug.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.arxibs01.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.drsfostersmith.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.engagedigitalmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.fanbridge.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.foxnews.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.gajmp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.ibexnetwork.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.ilinkmd.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.imagewebdesign.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.mailtracker.in	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.motleyfool.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.murdoog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.myunidays.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.nesox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.nmemails.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.oerug.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.pennystockpicks.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.percentmobile.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.publicidees.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.quisma.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.searchmarketing.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.stampready.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.summitmedia.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.trafficjunky.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.trutv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.vindicosuite.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.yohoads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trackit.vicotech.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracksurf.daooda.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tradedoubler.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tradedoubler.sonvideopro.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
traffic-stats.streamsolutions.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
traffic.spot.im	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trafficopen.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trax.gamespot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trc.taboolasyndication.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trcko.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
treasuredata.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trk.cachemetracking.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trk.kissmetrics.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trk.securesmrt-dt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trk.tidaltv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
true-counter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
truehits1.gits.net.th	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tynt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
u.startup.mobile.webvisor.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
u1817.16.spylog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
u3102.47.spylog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
u3305.71.spylog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
u3608.20.spylog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
u4056.56.spylog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
u432.77.spylog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
u4396.79.spylog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
u4443.84.spylog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
u4556.11.spylog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
u5234.87.spylog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
u5234.98.spylog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
u5687.48.spylog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
u574.07.spylog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
u604.41.spylog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
u6762.46.spylog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
u6905.71.spylog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
u7748.16.spylog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
u810.15.spylog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
u920.31.spylog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
u977.40.spylog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
udc.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
uip.semasio.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
uk.cqcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
uk.sitestat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ultimatecounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
us.2.cqcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
us.cqcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
usa.nedstat.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
users.maxcluster.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
v1.nedstatbasic.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
v8.analytics.pinsightmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
v8engine.pinsightmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
v8push.pinsightmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
valueclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
valueclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
velocecdn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
video-stats.video.google.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vidstat.taboola.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vidstatb.taboola.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vip.clickzs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vis.sexlist.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
visit.theglobeandmail.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vitals.vercel-analytics.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
voken.eyereturn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vs.dmtracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vsii.spinbox.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w.nativery.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w1.tcr112.tynt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
warlog.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wau.tynt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
web4.realtracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webbug.seatreport.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webcounter.goweb.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webcounter.together.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webtrends.thisis.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
whentheyopened.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wt.bankmillennium.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wtnj.worldnow.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www-stats.unipi.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.0stats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.123count.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.123counter.superstats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.123stat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.3dstats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adalyser.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.addfreecounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.addfreestats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.addtoany.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ademails.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.affiliatesuccess.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bar.ry2002.02-ry014.snpr.hotmx.hair.zaam.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.belstat.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.betcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bluestreak.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.buglife.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.c.thecounter.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.c1.thecounter.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.c2.thecounter.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.cig-arrete.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.clickclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.clickspring.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.clixgalore.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.connectionlead.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.counter.bloke.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.counter.superstats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.counter1.sextracker.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.counter10.sextracker.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.counter11.sextracker.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.counter12.sextracker.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.counter13.sextracker.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.counter14.sextracker.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.counter15.sextracker.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.counter16.sextracker.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.counter2.sextracker.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.counter3.sextracker.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.counter4.sextracker.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.counter4all.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.counter4all.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.counter5.sextracker.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.counter6.sextracker.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.counter7.sextracker.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.counter8.sextracker.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.counter9.sextracker.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.counterguide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.cw.nu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.dpbolvw.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.dwclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.easycounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.fastcounter.linkexchange.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.formalyzer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.foxcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.freestats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.fxcounters.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.gator.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.hitstats.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.iccee.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.iesnare.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.iesnare.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.iovation.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.iovation.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.jellycounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.kqzyfj.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.lansrv050.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.leadpub.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.linkcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.megacounter.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.metareward.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.mnbasd77.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.nedstat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.nextgenstats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ntsearch.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.onestat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.originalicons.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.paycounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.pointclicktrack.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.precisioncounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.printmail.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.quantserve.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.rightmedia.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.rightstats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.searchadv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.shockcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.simplecounter.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.specificclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.specificpop.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.spklds.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.statcount.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.statcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.statsession.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.stattrax.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.stiffnetwork.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.the-counter.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.toolbarcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.tradedoubler.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.tradingtactics.win	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.trafficmagnet.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.trafic.ro	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.trendcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.true-counter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.tynt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ultimatecounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.v61.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.web-stat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.webcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.webstat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.xxxcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www1.addfreestats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www1.counter.bloke.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www1.tynt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www2.addfreestats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www2.counter.bloke.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www2.pagecount.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www3.addfreestats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www3.click-fr.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www3.counter.bloke.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www4.addfreestats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www4.counter.bloke.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www5.addfreestats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www5.counter.bloke.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www6.addfreestats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www6.click-fr.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www6.counter.bloke.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www7.addfreestats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www7.counter.bloke.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www8.addfreestats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www8.counter.bloke.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www9.counter.bloke.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xcnn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xtrasizeoriginal.com.br	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xxxcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xyz.freelogs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zc1.campaign-view.com.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zc1.maillist-manage.com.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zz.cqcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
0.nextyourcontent.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
05tz2e9.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
1-bmo-client-login.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
1-directshipmtdhlsexpress-order.help	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
1001paixnidia.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
105915624.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
10tide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
1percent.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
2006mindfreaklike.blogspot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
2023cradep0sit.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
20linutes.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
20mlinutes.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
237online.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
247blinds.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
2g312kn32qfy-1323053341.cos.ap-bangkok.myqcloud.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
2roueselectrique.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
2x1gratis.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
3mfrances.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
59-106-20-39.r-bl100.sakura.ne.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
6range.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
6w1.sharedlinkconnect.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
75esession.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
7frenchweb.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
7zip.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
8hj500ro4t7.groovepages.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.kaytri.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.phormlabs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.webwise.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a15172379.alturo-server.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aaam.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aac-lyon.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aalocine.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
abchina.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
abetterinternet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
abrittel.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
abrutel.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
abruzzoinitaly.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
abshop.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
absolutewrite.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
abyssmedia.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ac-crerteil.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ac-strasboourg.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ac-versdailles.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aca-languedoc.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
acceptlnterac-email-transfer-online-2fasecure.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
account-review.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
accounts.secure-ua.website	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
accounts.ukr.net.ssl2.in	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
accrogers-overview.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
acessoires-electromenager.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
acglgoa.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
acmen.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
acnenomor.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
acsentia.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
activateprofile.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
activebeat.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aculo.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.g-content.bid	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adblock.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
addthis.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adebooks.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adef-residences.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adexchangetracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adn.plxnt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adquantum.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adshufffle.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adwitty.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
africancasting.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
agelocer.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
agla.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
agroeconom.kz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aide-pac-national.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ajouny.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aktiv-mit-ms.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ale-gratka.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
alert1dhlshipment.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
alexyu.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aliecpress.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aliexress.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aljamaa.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
allhqpics.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
allkpop.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
allocnie.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
allogarages.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
allomine.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
almaria.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
alocdn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
alojamientocentroleon.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
alphardgolf.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
alphlauren.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
alzy.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
amayaresorts.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
americankitchen.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ams1.ib.adnxs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ams2.rumourrubicon.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ancree.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
android.bigresource.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
androiddev.orkitra.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
andromedawallet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aneralflas.club	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
angers-radioloagie.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
anian1.weebly.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
anouslab.cmail20.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
answerhub.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
antispywareexpert.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
antivirus-scanner.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
antoinettepoisson.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
apconsultantgroup.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
apel3.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
api.inwemo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
app2.letslowbefast.life	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
appale.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
appleld.apple.com.t5j2kdkc88dd2m423-verif.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
applez.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
appraw.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
apsu.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
arbrever.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
archeives-ouvertes.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
archi-facile.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
area52.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aresweb.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
argenta.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
armsart.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
arrayshift.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
arteradio.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
artissanat.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
asemblee-nationale.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
asentia.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ashleyfires.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
asianread.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ask-coder.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ask.webatall.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
askbot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
askto.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
askubal.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
assistcom.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
assodigitale.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ast-grouope.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
athenea.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
atlanticon.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
atlanticos.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
atlasformrn.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
atlauncher.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
audacity.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
audacity.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
audacity.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
audacity.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
audacity.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
augi.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
auirbnb.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
autheasywinformationreq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
authscotia-signinscotia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
auto-entrereneur.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
autohipnose.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
automedik.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
automobile-magasine.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
autonewsinfo.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
avilis.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
avndrealouer.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
avosstart.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
avsvmcloud.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
avtec.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
awuam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
azureus.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
b.doloaqywbvq.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
b.webwise.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
babouche-maroc.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bac-reunion.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
backlusjumpdur.club	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bactif.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
badsender.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bagaboo-bags.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bagagescabine.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bannerbuzz.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bannersnack.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
baxtel.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bayyinah.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bbcode.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bdsm-fantaisie.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
beauten.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
beautylicieuse.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
beautytemple.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
beboncoin.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
belambre.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
benchmarkemail.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
benefitsgov.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
benefitsorganic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bergeresdefrance.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
besacon.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bestblackhatforum.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bestoftoday.click	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bestreview.site	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bestwebpillplace.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bestwesterne.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bestwing.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bevilla.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bgre.kozow.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bhyuu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
biaritz.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
biaugerme.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bighow.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bioware.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
biserka.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bitcoin-upappl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bitcoinplus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bitsoin.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
biucosmetics.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
blablacam.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
blackhat.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
blender3d.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bluepartner.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bluescreenalert.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
blw4-1.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bnvxcfhdgf.blogspot.com.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
boardgamearena.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bobcard.co.in	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bobgear.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bodyfitness-epernon.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bodyhousse.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
boneville.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bopstermedia56.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bornprix.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bougyuestelecom.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
boujois.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
boursidirect.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bousedirect.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
boutique-papillon.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bouygiestelecom.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bpong.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bracabrac.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
breg.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
breitbart.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
breizh-ile.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bricolage-avec-robert.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bricolo-blogger.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bridgebase.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
brightonclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
brokking.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
brostyles.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
brunga.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bt.webwise.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bundesanzeiger.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
burley.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buyagift.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
byowner.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c-martinique.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c-piscine.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c-rennes.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.webwise.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c0nforama.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c1i.su	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ca-biepicardie.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ca-briepcardie.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ca-cantreloire.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ca-centtreloire.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ca-czntrefrance.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ca-languedo.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ca-nm.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ca-pac.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ca-touloue31.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ca-vb.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cablyshaw.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
caeauxfolies.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cafe-express.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cafecoc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cafj.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cafranchecomte.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
caisse-apargne.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
callfor-articles.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
callfor-submissions.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
camaieur.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cambonanza.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
campaign.budgethyve.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
camping-la-bien-assise.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
camping-oreedelocean.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
camping-pinede.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
campinglespins.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
camplace.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
campus-forprof.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
canada.postcanadakxcif.top	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
canadapost-delivery-reshedule.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
canadapost-paymentservice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
canadapost-postescanada.uwpackege.top	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
canadapost.helpdag.top	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
canadapost.postescanadad.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
canadapostarticle.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
capital-invest-can.cropvita.sbs	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
capitalregionusa.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
capostdelivery.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
carac-terres.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
carrfefour.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cartoonnetworkarabic.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
casmundo.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
castelli-cycling.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
castortama.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cbcare.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ccieurope.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ccudl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cd-elec.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cd-sport.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.jquery-uim.download	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ce-marketing.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cebue.magmafurnace.top	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
celestia.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
celestia.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cellu-clean.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cengolio.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
certifiedwinners.today	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cesdeals.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cfjln.comfortykive.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
chaisesprivee.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
chaliehebdo.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
challeges.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
changduk26.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
chatroll.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
chch.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
checkfreevideos.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
checkout360now.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
chelick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
chienvoyageur.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
choisimoncode.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
chrliehebdo.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
chu-bordeau.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
chu-morlaix.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cibc-oniinecibc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cibconline-login.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cic-epargnrsalariale.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cicontents.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cifw.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ciiycode.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cinediagonal.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cinemasouslesetoiles.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cinforama.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cioco-froll.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
circuitsdelegende.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
claclasse.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
claimcostcobenefits.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clean-mobilephone.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cleanchain.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cleanmobilephone.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
click.get-answers-fast.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clicktripz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
climate-actionpayment.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clonezilla.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clonezilla.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cltxhot.fun	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cmcre.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cndpt.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cnhv.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cnnews.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cnt.statistic.date	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
codebiogblog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
codeexplain.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
codegur.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
codelogic.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
codeotel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
coderexception.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
coin-have.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
coin-hive.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
coinerra.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
coinhive.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
coinimp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
coldcertainchannel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
coldpacific.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
colisismo.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
collline.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
colssimo.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
comfortykive.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
commax.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
commdev.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
compe-nickel.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
compufixshop.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
comsss-56.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
con-trnroayl.online	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
conduit.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
confg.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
confirm1509account4715.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
conseil-coaching-jardinage.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
conseildentaire.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
consorsbank.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
consumerspanel.frge.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cookeatshare.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
coordino.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cosi.iprive.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cosmopolian.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cosmopolita.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
costco-rewardsaccount1.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
costorama.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
countrystore.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
coupondio.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cplelangues.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cra-arc-gc-ca.noads.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cra-etransfer.online	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
crdp-strsbourg.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
creativlonk.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
creditmuteuel.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
creditmutuel-epargesalariale.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
critiquefilm.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
croissieres.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
crouslyon.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
crpo.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
crypto-loot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cuder.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cullligan.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
culturalfoundation.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cutesaucepuppy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cyberpanel.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cyfe.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
d.phormlabs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
d2o9ozfswytaqz.cloudfront.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dailygame.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dailynewstonight.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dartry.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
datajobs.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
davidhuynh.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
db-z.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dbios.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dealerconnection.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dealiveroo.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
declarateenquiebra.cl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
decompiler.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dejoyaux.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
delamaisn.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
delivery-change-reschedule6128.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
deloitteca.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
delphix.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
deltarviews.bond	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
denx.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
department06.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
deposit-cra2023.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
deposit-et-1interac.help	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
depositphotos.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
depottool.bond	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
details-update.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
devguardmap.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dewinci.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dfnac.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dhauzja511.co.cc	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dhlmyorder82662-info-can.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
digiclk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
digicub.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
digipote.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
digipsote.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
digitfoto.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
diomedia.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dirtmountainbike.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
disneyholidays.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dns2.net1.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dnythgt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
docs.ukr.net.ssl2.in	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dogry.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dogtrace.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
domaine-voyance.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
donforama.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dontacos.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
doors.co.kr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dpflyingoncs.top	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dsbzk.comfortykive.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dtcc.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dveug.comfortykive.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-kern.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-lords.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-trn-incm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
east.05tz2e9.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
easyflier.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
easytic.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eauchan.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ecantal.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ecirque.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eckosport.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
edecideur.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
edisk.ukr.net.ssl2.in	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
edmo.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
education-securiter-routiere.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eeude.comfortykive.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
efreedom.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ekomerco.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
elboncoin.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
elyses.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
emagicone.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
emplpoi-store.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
en.btc-trader-app.club	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
en.likefever.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
enalytics.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
endicia.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
englishcentral.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
entek.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
entuduc.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eol1.egyptonline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eondershare.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
equitaine.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
erobot-pisicne.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
erogames.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ertbaudet.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
escplus.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eslprologmvp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eslprotourmvp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
esmoutonsenrages.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
espaceagazines.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
espub.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
et-1nt3rc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
et-interac.etransfers1.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
et-mycostcorewards.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
etdeposit-interac.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
etransfer-23799.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
etribunaldunet.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
euriosport.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
europr1.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eurospoprt.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eurostreaming.myproxy.help	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eurostreaming.superproxy.lol	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eviebot.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ewea.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
exasked.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
exchangemarket.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
exelformation.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
exepdia.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
exparint.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
expertland.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
expired-antiviruses.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
extrashop.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
f-voyance.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
f05098.privacy4browsers.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
f18085.privacy4browsers.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fabhabitat.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
facebbook.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
facebook-repto1040s2.ahlamountada.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
facebookj.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
faceboook-replyei0ki.montadalitihad.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
facemail.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fafarge.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
faggotry.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
falkcoppercookware.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fanniemae.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fasola.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fclb.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fdoverbilled.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fedex-rescheduel-date.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fedex-rescheduel-delivery-date.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fedgroceryrebate.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
feedbackexplorer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fengyixin.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
festicolor.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ffesm.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fichier-pdfr.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fido-team.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
figato.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
files.ukr.net.ssl2.in	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
filezilla.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
filosvybfimpsv.ru.gg	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
filter.mediacpc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
find-your-profithere11.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
firefox-updater.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
firstrowsports.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fit4form.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
flashrasultats.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
flexfone.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
flightams.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fnactickets.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
foiegras-groliere.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
formumactif.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
forurm-candaulisme.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fourtuneo.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
foutuneo.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
foxoptic.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fqint.comfortykive.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
francebootball.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
francelbleu.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
frecnhweb.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
free-box.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
free.internetspeedtracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
free.propdfconverter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
free.videodownloadconverter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
freebos.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
freecontent.bid	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
freedailydownload.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
freedon.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
freelanced.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fref.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
freighttools.live	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
frenchbweb.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
frenesies.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
freshzz00.duckdns.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
frnafinance.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
froancefootball.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
froling.bee.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fromru.su	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ftdownload.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fu.golikeus.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
g2play.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gabrielahlavack.samcart.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gadgetsytecnologia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gagy.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gaiaherbs.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gambero3.cs.tin.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
game321.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gamejolt.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gamelights.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gamonic.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
garde-d-enfants-ooreka.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gasasthe.freehostia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gautmont.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gazia.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcn-1nterc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
geolantis.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
geopostcodes.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
get-answers-fast.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
get24update.link4all.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
getdispadsshop.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
getnexuscard.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gglcash4u.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gifii.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gigaonclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gimp.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
girlownedbypolicelike.blogspot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
giulli.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
glassjaw.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
globaldrugsurvey.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gmailapcq6.eblink5.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
go.deliverymodo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
goggle.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
goobbe.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
goodreader.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
goolgueule.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gorange.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gotinder.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gparted.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
grandtheftwiki.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
greatarcadehits.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
greeninst.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
greenshot.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
greffetc-paris.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
grooveshark.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
grossiste3d.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
groupeauto.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
groupom.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gstscra.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gtamoding.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
guidelon.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
guiltygear.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gv-1nt3rc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gwene.com.slackware.alien.blog	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gwklaser.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gyros.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
h9tkd.rdtk.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
habboss.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hackconsole.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hackerz.ir	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hajoopteg.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hakerzy.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hakuba.janis.or.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
handbrake.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
happyfresh.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hartamann.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hashing.win	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hatdfg-rhgreh684.frge.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hatrecord.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hcg82f2b.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
healpublic.best	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hefever.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hellomobile.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
helpmedb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hentavost.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
heritagebathrooms.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
heuither.sbs	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hfrni.comfortykive.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hibody.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hie.li	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hifa.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
himicrosoft.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hintonsfeetred.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hiphip.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hireproplus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hirsch-ille.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hiteck.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hiuinder.beauty	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hocolats-voisin.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hommetendance.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hostify.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hostiko.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hot24profit.life	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hotchix.servepics.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hotdesertknights.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hotel-leparc.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hotelboard.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hoteldesventesantilles.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hotelissimo.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hotvideos.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
houseofkids.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
how-tosolve.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
howtobuildsoftware.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hp.myway.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hradware.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hsb-canada.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
https-ticketnotice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
huffingtopost.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hunkemoeller.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hunkemuller.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hwgda.comfortykive.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
i.ua-passport.top	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
icecars.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ichisushi.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
iconfitness.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
id-unconfirmeduser.frge.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
iedalo.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ieurope1.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ignitioncasino.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
iledefrance-mutualite.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imagecenter.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imago-tv.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imotors.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
inateck.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
incuirfes.beauty	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
info-sectes.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
infodjour.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
infographicworld.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
infopaypal.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
informereng.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ingedus.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
inkscape.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
inkscape.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
innoveox.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
inoreader.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
inseee.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
instabook.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
install.myvideotab.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
installmac.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
instantstreetview.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
intelcom-on.progressionlive.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
intelcomasfcmscta.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
interac-etransfer.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
interac1-ssl2.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
interacpayment-cra.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
interhomes.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
interimairesssante.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
internwise.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
interpretation-reves.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
intevry.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
invite.gezinti.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ipi9.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
iqmatrix.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
irony.world	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
istartsurf.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
iswwwup.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
itbeginner.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ivgault.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ivoirmixdj.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
izli.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jacques-brinat.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
janezk.50webs.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jardinonssolsvivant.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jessieu.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jetem.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jeu-jeux.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jeupicard.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jobfreelance.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
joomlaworks.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
joshan.fun	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
juegosdechicas.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
juliettehasagun.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
juliyea.sbs	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jump.ewoss.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
juste.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
juventuis.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kabookk.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kanojo.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kartables.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kaytri.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
keepass.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
keepass.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
keepinfit.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kevlaardiet.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
keybinary.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kiabo.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kiaby.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kiassure.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kicherchekoi.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kiclq.comfortykive.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kirgo.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kitchenmagic.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
klefigaro.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kleinfelder.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
klove.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
klowns4phun.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
konflow.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
korodrogerie.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kosatec.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kplusd.far.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kpremium.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
krakragames.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kuder.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kweiqox.beauty	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
l-histoire.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
l.wl.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
la1dwne9cn5c.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
laatribune.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
labanquepoqtale.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
labanqueposttale.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
laboiteorse.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lacentrrale.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lacetrale.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lactell.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ladepehe.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lagazette-dgi.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lagranderecr.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
laiberation.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lajna.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
laleh.itrc.ac.ir	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lama-ole-nydahl.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lamlsace.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lamutellegenerale.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
landing.aaroninjections.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
landingairquality.airlite.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lank.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
laphoceen.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
laredoutee.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
laredoutre.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lareplubliquedespyrenees.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
larusse.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lasopabowl158.weebly.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
latribuen.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
latrubune.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lavoixedunord.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
laxifoot.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lbouyguestelecom.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lbrtry.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lcastorama.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lcolissimo.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lcpr.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
le-chineur.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
le-recendement-et-moi.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
le-recenement-et-moi.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
le-tchat-bdsm.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
leboncoan.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lebopncoin.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
leelynx.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
leficaro.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lefigarao.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lefigarop.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lefiogaro.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lefirgaro.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lefsechos.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
legfigaro.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
legrando.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
leighties.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
leket.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lemnode.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lemondde.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lemovnde.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
leomonde.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
leparirien.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
leparisein.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
leparisin.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lepatisien.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lepoinf.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
leponde.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
leroymerln.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
leroymrlin.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
les-bagatelles.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
les-crisis.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
les-oncheres.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
les-toiles-cinema.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lesecchos.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lesechoss.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lesindesradio.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lesmonde.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
leuquipe.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
levigilant.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lezboncoin.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lezpress.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
liberatiuon.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
liberaztion.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
liberland.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
licasd.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lieberation.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
liemonde.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lien-social.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lifefoot.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lifeofpie.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lifigaro.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
like.likewut.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
likeportal.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
likespike.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
likethis.mbosoft.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
likethislist.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lindependnant.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lindependnt.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lingintirejohny.club	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lisaa.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
listenonrepeat.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
littleduck.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
livesfoot.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
livezfoot.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
livreral.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
livrval.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
localo.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
login.creditals-email.space	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
logitrave.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
loirs.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lonaci.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
longrich.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
loytec.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lp.cleanmymac.online	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lpoint.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lrpoint.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lrt7a.coldcertainchannel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lucklayed.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lueway.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
luminae.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
luniko.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
luxdiscount.zone	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lyceebrequigny.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lyophililse.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
m01.webwise.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
m02.webwise.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
maanageo.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mabtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mac-osx.message-warning.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
macfs.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
madwell.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
maewan.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
magasine-omnicuiseur.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
magento-analytics.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
magic-flight.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
maia-asso.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mail-en-marche.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mail.bangla.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mail.cyberh.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mail.hallym.ac.kr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mail.imamu.edu.sa	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mail.interq.or.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mail.ioc.ac.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mail.issas.ac.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mail.pmo.ac.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mail.siom.ac.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mail.tropmet.res.in	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mail1.371.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
maillots-ffoot-actu.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mailtrack.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
main.exosrv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
maisonstravaux.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
maisonvalentina.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
makeitmedia.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
makerblog.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
makesushi.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
manage2-phone7alerts.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mandialrelay.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mappyt.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
marathondulacduder.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
marie-gerardmer.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
marinescence.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
marketgameland.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
massage-v-almaty.kz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
matcheendirect.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
matchendirectr.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
matchendiredt.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mbi3.kuicr.kyoto-u.ac.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mcleaks.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mdjdg.girlssohorny.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media-match.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mediaterre.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
medicalhero.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mediterraneanroom.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
meetics.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
melthy.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
memecosmetic.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mes-bon-plans.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
messagerie-lcl.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mesurelettre.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
meta.osqa.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metcoc5cm.clarent.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
meteof.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrx.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
meuble-bois-massif.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mgpl.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mguide-piscine.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mhhn.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
michelinb2b.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
microsoftsupport.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mideal.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
miercuri.gq	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mightyfungi.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mije.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mikvr.comfortykive.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mindshareworld.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mineacraft.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
minecraft-frannce.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
minecraftfrance.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
minecraftr.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
minecraftt.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
minefieald.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
minemytraffic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
minence.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
minencraft.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
miner.pr0gramm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
minero-proxy-01.now.sh	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
minero-proxy-02.now.sh	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
minero-proxy-03.now.sh	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
minero.pw	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
minr.pw	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mipay.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mipsa.ciae.ac.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mirillis.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
missdiva.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
missetam.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mlefigaro.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mlpoo11-secondary.z13.web.core.windows.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mn.mn.co.cu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mnecraft.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mnutan.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mobevo.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mobile.parkandpay-ca.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mobilesoft.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mobpushup.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
moddb.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mojn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
momatyn.store	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
momentspa.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mon-conertisseur.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
monbureaunumeriques.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
moncialrelay.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mondespersistants.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mondialrealy.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mondiarelay.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
moneuvre.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
monkeyball.osa.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
monopris.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
monppaiement.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
montig.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
morning-croissant.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
motoetloisir.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
movies.701pages.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
moviestarpllanet.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mp3red.cc	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mpappy.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mr-ginseng.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ms-shoponline.top	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ms-shopplus.su	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mshelp247.weebly.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
msssante.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mundilite.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
murcia-ban.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
musculaation.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
muttuelle.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
muwuo.comfortykive.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mv0129.stream	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mvspjwd.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mx1.freemail.ne.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mybancoschiles.gets-it.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mycaal.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mycnal.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mydreamday.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
myedebred.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
myhst2024.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mylike.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
myornamenti.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
myprivateemails.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
myquiz.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
myrogers-dashboard-signin.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mytee.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mywifiext.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
n1up.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nactx.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
naissaance.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nameketathar.pro	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nantesmetrople.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nantilus.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
natashyabaydesign.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nathna.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
naturephotographie.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nauf.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
navegador.oi.com.br	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
navegador.telefonica.com.br	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nbtp1.sa.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ncore.ink	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ncorecc.me	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ncoremeghivo.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ncsf.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ndl1pp1-a-fixed.sancharnet.in	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
neaclub.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
needlepoint.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
neko-scan.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
neon-genesis-evangelion-online.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
neowordprss.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
netflix-memberships.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
netflix-updateinfo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
netflix.apple-green.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
netflixca-updateprofilehelp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
new-vid-zone-1.blogspot.com.au	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
newouest.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
newsmagic.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
newsquest.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nguyennghi.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
niche247.trade	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nikeinc.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nimes-olympique.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nnavigo.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
noella-voyance.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nosdeoirs.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
notepad2.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
novemberrainx.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ns.cac.com.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ns.nint.ac.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ns1.multi.net.pk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ns1.webwise.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ns2.webwise.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ns2.xidian.edu.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ntralpenedhy.pro	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nuitphilo-ens.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oclopes.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oechestra.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
of3d.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ofdb.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
office.officenet.co.kr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ofracosmetics.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oix.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oix.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oj.likewut.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
okidata.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
old.umcl.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
onclickprediction.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ondialrelay.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
onemanga.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
onepager.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
onilne.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
onlinewebfind.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
onyxboox.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oolo.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ooutube.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
opcwdns.opcw.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
openinternetexchange.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
openinternetexchange.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
openoverflow.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
optionmodifycanitem.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
orange.npix.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
orangemali.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
orangf.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ordersildenafil.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ordremek.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
orientationpour-tous.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
orion.platino.gov.ve	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
orner.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
orowy.comfortykive.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ortange.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
osonscomprendre.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
osqa.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
osqa.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ostalgie.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
otsserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
outerinfo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oyrfo.comfortykive.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
p.algovid.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
p.ttwitter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pa-voyance.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
paalp.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pages-annuaire.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pages-perso-orange.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pagesjauenes.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pagesperso-ortange.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
paincake.yoll.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
paintnet.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
paintnet.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pamini.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
panimi.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pantaya.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
paris-banlieue-meetinggame.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
passportindex.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
payments-details.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
payplintelverify3.site	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
paysdepieces.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
paytel.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pbworks.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pcblibraries.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pckgatups.bond	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pdns.nudt.edu.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pearlfeet.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
peircing-street.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
penseedepascal.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
peomod.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
peoplefinders.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
percantil.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
peremiere.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
petra.nic.gov.jo	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pexkr.comfortykive.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pfepfe.cc	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
phising-initiative.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
phorm.ch	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
phorm.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
phorm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
phorm.dk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
phormchina.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
phormlabs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
phpancake.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pianolessons.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
picture-uploads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pidoco.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
piecediscount24.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pier-import.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pigredoben12.sytes.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pillowpets.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pkia.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
plagtracker.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
plains.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
planetside2.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
planrecanpost1.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
plasticker.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
platinmods.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
playbaspresse.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
playmobill.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
playzee.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
plusjamaisdacne.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pocoty.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
poemhunter.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
poetryfoundation.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
poetsofthefall.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pointerpointer.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
polelemploi.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
politiquemania.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
poolin.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
poonstwifterspick.work	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
portdusoleil.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
posicionamientonatural.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
post-canada-delivery2023.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
post-canada-reschedule2024.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
post.mil-gov.space	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
postbox.mos.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
postcanada.ship-express.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
postcanada.ship-priority.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
postecan-canpost.confrm942.link	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
postecan-canpost.updt491.link	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
postis.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
poundporter.best	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
powertrfic.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ppoi.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
predictiondisplay.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
predictivadnetwork.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
premium-live-scan.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
premiumvideoupdates.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pressealgerei.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pressesdesciences-po.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
priosante.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
private-sportshop.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
prk.roverinvolv.bid	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pro-accesssoires.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
probikesshop.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
proclickpacket.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
profileconfirm.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
profilenetflix.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
profilenotice.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
profit-btc.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
proflashdata.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
proidees.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
projectpoi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
promogrim.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
promojustforyou.click	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
propitea.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
provence-ouyillage.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
provenfeedback.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
psycho-test.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ptagercity.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pullipstyle.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
puppygames.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
puppylover.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
purchasingpower.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
purepods.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
qbittorrent.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
qdssy.balistrera.sbs	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
qevia.doubleclick.bond	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
qfsya.comfortykive.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
qouv.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
quaidesbulles.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
question2answer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
quickchess.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
quicksaledeal.su	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
quirinale.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
qyh.co.ua	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
radio42.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
randki-sex.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rapid-glade-cde8.asoumare042024.workers.dev	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
raptp.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rb-on1in-sec.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rbc-anth-ogrn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rbc-clientsupport1.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reacherinst.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
realstar.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
recettes-vegetariennes.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
recevoirlatntn.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
recover-subscription.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redeastbay.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redelivauthcentre.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redelivercadpost.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redelivtls.online	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redf.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redline-boutique.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redrocks.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reductions-impots.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
refund-int3rac.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
regclassboard.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reliezvous.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
renov-landes.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rentacars.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rentamotorcycle.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
resetcibc-logincibc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reskins.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
resulabi.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
resultatspmu.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
retaildetail.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
retrofuture.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
return2025costco.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rev-cvnada-dep.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rezeptwelt.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rgp-ign.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rickrolling.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rifec.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rimnow.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
riosaladohp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
robertgraham.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rockrose.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rocks.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rockthebretzel.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rogers-wirelessphone.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
roivant.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rojadirectatv.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
romdiscover.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rootbuzz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rottentomatoes.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtag.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rubgyrama.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
runnerswolrd.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
runtnc.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
russian-sex.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ryther.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.pubmine.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s3-ap-southeast-1-amazonaws.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s3-ap-southeast-2-amazonaws.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s4d.in	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
saicmotor.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sajour.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
salebestever.su	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
santanderbank.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sartoriz.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sbh9hu4trk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scei-concour.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
schlaukopf.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sciencesetlavenir.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scoietegenerale.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scotiahelp-loginscotia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scotiaonline-verification.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scottishstuff-online.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
screenaddict.thewhizproducts.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
screencast-o-matic.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scribbens.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scribe.ttwitter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scure-royaibamk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scwharzkopf.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scyxj.comfortykive.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sea.net.edu.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
search.buzzdock.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
search.conduit.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
search.privitize.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
secret.xn--oogle-wmc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
secretosdelagua.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
secure-accept-e-transfer-interac.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
secure-fidosolutions.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
secure-royaibnk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
securedeposit-et.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
securielite.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
securityscan.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
seebox.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
seeques.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
seezeit.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
segob.gob.mx	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
selarbiosites.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
selfhtml.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sensahome.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sephor.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
serff.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
serv-canada2024.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
servpro.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
setup-mydelivery-date6437-fedex.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
shapado.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sharelink.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
shiiva.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
shoalike.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
shop-pharmaccie.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
shop.skin-safety.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
shopfix.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
shopigo.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
shopkeep.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
shopsm.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
shoptrends.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
siliconf.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sinera.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sinochem.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
siteliner.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sitesofa.za.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sitrion.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
slavyangrad.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
slideboc.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sllate.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
smartcart.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
smicaval.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
smile-angel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
smosh.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
snscf.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
societegernerale.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
societergenerale.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sofaglobal.best	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
software-updates.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
software-wenc.co.cc	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
soidog.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
solarswitch4all.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
solarwindow.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
soloprodottiitaliani.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
soluclim.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
solutionscore.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
solveseek.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sonatns.sonatrach.dz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
songsar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
soniksports.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
soports.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sorbone.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sosohus.ink	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
speakplanet.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
speechpad.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
speedycourse.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
spotchannel02.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
srothuynguyen.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ssephora.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stackoverflow.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
star-iptv.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
starbuckssurvey.life	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
startmarket.su	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
statutorjuihui.site	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stay.decentralappps.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
steelbitepro24.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stellarium.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
steveberry.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stilnovo.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stopphoulplay.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
strategies360.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stswen.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
subcreation.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
suddenplot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
suicidaltendencies.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sumofus.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sunhe.jinr.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
suocietegenerale.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
supernaturalart.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
survarium.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
susm0q6jys.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sussi.cressoft.com.pk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
suxap.comfortykive.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
suzukiauto.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sverd.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
swflightinfo.bond	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
swiftype.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
swisslide.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sybonymo.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
syngeta.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
synthroid.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
systadin.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
systematixinfotech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
szfr.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tahoesup.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tanieaukcje.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
taniezakupy.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tattooshaha.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tax-canada2023.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tbebestknives.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
teamsport-philipp.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tearbelt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
technicalconsumerreports.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
technocite.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
technoit.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
techques.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
telephone-voyance.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
telephoner-voyance.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
telpay.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tenispro.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
terricole.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
test.ishvara-yoga.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
testbook.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
textbrokr.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thailandtravel.live	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thainationalparks.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thalasur.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thebestknifes.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thebestone.click	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thebestwebpillplace.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thechive.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thedatesafe.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
themusicnetwork.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thenewswire.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thesimsresource.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thetorrentz.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thickporter.sa.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thisone.online	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thomasmore.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thunderbird.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tibs.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ticketforchange.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ticketpayfee.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ticketspy.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tiku.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
timberlande.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tiplanet.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
toknowall.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tomorrownewstoday.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
toppillstore.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
toprxshopplace.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
toptypeonlinetheclicks.icu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
torjackan.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
totaldebrid.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tourismelenslievin.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tradedealvip.su	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tradeinn.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
traffic-bam.link	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
traffic.adwitty.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tranisere.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trauiqce.click	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trioadvisor.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trk.wizzdeal.trade	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trouveunfilm.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trovi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
truecrypt.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trusturl.top	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tubr8.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tuniaf.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
turfomani.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tvshowslist.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tweetdeck.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
twitchindoor.best	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
twitpic.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tx.micro.net.pk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tx2returnhome.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
typewriter.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
u-pssud.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ua-consumerpanel.frge.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ubuntu-fr.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
udgth.comfortykive.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ufpcdn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
umgpjdlllhl.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
un-ruly.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
unetbootin.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
unetbootin.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
uni-littoral.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
uniguide.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
unitdotto.club	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
united-domaine.tech	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
univ-murs.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
univ-paris-didero.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
univ-pars1.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
univ6lehavre.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
univevry.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
unme-asso.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
unodieuxconnard.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
updateauto.preparevideosafesystem4unow.space	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
uqz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
urbact.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
url9810.tokocrypto.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
urssff.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
urzl.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
usbf.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
users16.jabry.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
usoasopersbe.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ut1-capitole.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ut1capitole.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
utauniv-lyon2.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
utenti.lycos.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
utrace.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
van-city-sign-on.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vc-login.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vcarrefour.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
venturead.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
verify.rambler-profile.site	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
versbaudet.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vfzzs.comfortykive.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vgsnf.comfortykive.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vi-improved.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
viad.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
videoamp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
videofitness.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
videovor.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vieques.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
viessman.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vietnamdiscovery.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
viglink.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
villepariis.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vinoscout.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vins-bourgorne.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
viowyf.khaiafi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vip.fortunatetime.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vipon.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
viriginradio.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
visana.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
visualsonics.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vitemadose.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vivalife.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vivgilance.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vjpwe.comfortykive.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vlc.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
voiciu.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
voil-le-travail.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
voipwise.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
volksvagen.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
volkswagens.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vxiframe.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w3facility.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wagsandwhiskers.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wahm.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wait3sec.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
waldenfarms.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wanadzoo.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wanatoo.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
watch-netfiix.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
watchpro.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
waterstudio.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
waudeesestew.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
weapfuh.originalriver-tone.top	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webassembly.stream	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webatic.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webmedic.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webnetra.entelnet.bo	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webpaypal.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webserv.mos.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webwikis.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webwise.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webwise.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webwise.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wenda.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
west.05tz2e9.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
westerdayeol.site	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wetter24.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wewillrocknow.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
whiscas.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
whiteenamel.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wikidevs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wileprefgurad.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
willysy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
winns.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wizzshop.trade	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wk4x5rdtoz2tn0.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wnathan.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wolverineworldwide.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
worldcommunitygrid.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
worldwidefestival.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wpcgt.comfortykive.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wrontonshatbona.pro	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ws05.crypto-loot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ws06.crypto-loot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ws07.crypto-loot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ws08.crypto-loot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ws09.crypto-loot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ws23.crypto-loot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ws24.crypto-loot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ws25.crypto-loot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ws42.crypto-loot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ws48.crypto-loot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ws49.crypto-loot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ws50.crypto-loot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wwnc.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.7zip.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.a2uu36g43l.download	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.abetterinternet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adblock.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adshufffle.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.allhqpics.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.anatol.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.asianread.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.audacity.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.audacity.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.azureus.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.be4life.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.blender3d.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bumerang.cc	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.cablyshaw.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.cambonanza.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.canadianshawid.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.caramail.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.celestia.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.celestia.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.chelick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.clearalgorithm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.clonezilla.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.clonezilla.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.coinimp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.comfortykive.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.compufixshop.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.didata.bw	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.e-transfer-cra.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.faggotry.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.filezilla.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.findalgorithm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.fischereszter.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.flexibleadmin.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.freecontent.bid	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.freedailydownload.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.froling.bee.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.getnexuscard.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.gezinti.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.gimp.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.globalbuffer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.goggle.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.gparted.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.greenshot.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.grouphappy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.hajoopteg.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.hakerzy.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.handbrake.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.hashing.win	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.icecars.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.infopaypal.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.informereng.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.inkscape.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.inkscape.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.irony.world	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.jvzoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.keepass.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.keepass.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.keybinary.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.knowinteractive.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.kpremium.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.launchbuffer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.likeportal.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.likespike.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.likethis.mbosoft.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.likethislist.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.lomalindasda.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.magento-analytics.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.manoces.waw.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.mikras.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.minr.pw	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.monkeyball.osa.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.mshelp247.weebly.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.mylike.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.mylovecards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.notepad2.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.novemberrainx.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.nu26.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.objectopoly.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.oix.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.openinternetexchange.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.otsserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.paintnet.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.paintnet.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.phormlabs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.picture-uploads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.portaldimensional.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ppoi.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.presidency.site	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.proflashdata.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.pruialoatpmye.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.psychics-readings-for-free.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.qbittorrent.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.randki-sex.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.rickrolling.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.russian-sex.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.securityscan.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.shinilchurch.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.simplyhelper.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.sinera.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ssl2.in	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.stellarium.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.stopphoulplay.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.swallowwire.sa.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.tanger.com.br	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.tattooshaha.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.thedatesafe.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.thunderbird.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.trucktirehotline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.truecrypt.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.tvshowslist.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.unetbootin.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.unetbootin.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.upgradebasic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.upi6.pillsstore-c.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.uqz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.urldelivery.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.venturead.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.videolove.clanteam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.videostan.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.wantsfly.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.webassembly.stream	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.webpartition.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.webwise.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.webwise.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.weknow.ac	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.wewillrocknow.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.willysy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.winlottofrequently.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.youfiletor.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www1-van-city-signon.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wyoutube.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xcdkb.comfortykive.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xen-media.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xn--oogle-wmc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xpx7heciz9.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xxlargepop.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
yachtingmagazine.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ycapital.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
yev.moviesdirectpro.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
yexex.comfortykive.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ykocr.comfortykive.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ymail-activate1.bugs3.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
yogamagazine.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
you-fm.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
youcanoptout.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
youmakeashion.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
yourdailytrailer.yournewtab.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
youvisit.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
yrwap.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
yummie.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
yves-rocker.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
z3.skdfoiqwjelmdkfser.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zalanado.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zalandon.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zb1.zeroredirect1.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zendictees.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zenigameblinger.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zettapetta.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zip.er.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ztriskl.divisionfair.homes	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zzhc.vnet.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zzkwg.comfortykive.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad-emea.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad-g.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.ae.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.be.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.br.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.de.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.dk.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.es.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.fi.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.fr.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.it.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.jp.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.mo.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.n2434.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.nl.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.no.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.nz.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.pl.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.se.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.sg.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.uk.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.ve.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.za.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad2.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adclick.g.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cm.g.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
creative.cc-dt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
doubleclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
doubleclick.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
feedads.g.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fls.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
googleads.g.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
iv.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
m.2mdn.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
m.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
m1.2mdn.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
n479ad.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pagead.l.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pagead46.l.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.g.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.l.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ukrpts.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
contactmusic.uk.intellitxt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ferrago.uk.intellitxt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
freedownloadcenter.uk.intellitxt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gadgets.fosfor.se.intellitxt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
images.intellitxt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
k.intellitxt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
maccity.it.intellitxt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
macuser.uk.intellitxt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
macworld.uk.intellitxt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metro.uk.intellitxt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
monstersandcritics.uk.intellitxt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
moviesonline.ca.intellitxt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
newcarnet.uk.intellitxt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
newlaunches.uk.intellitxt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pcadvisor.uk.intellitxt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pcgameshardware.de.intellitxt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
physorg.uk.intellitxt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
playfuls.uk.intellitxt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pocketlint.uk.intellitxt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pspcave.uk.intellitxt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
softpedia.uk.intellitxt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
splashnews.uk.intellitxt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wi-fitechnology.uk.intellitxt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fe-au.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fe1-au.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fe2-au.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fe3-au.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lycos-eu.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ninemsn.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rc-au.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redsheriff.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
secure-jp.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
secure-nz.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
secure-uk.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
secure-za.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server-au.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server-br.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server-by.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server-de.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server-dk.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server-ee.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server-fi.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server-fr.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server-hk.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server-it.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server-jp.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server-lt.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server-lv.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server-no.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server-nz.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server-oslo.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server-pl.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server-ru.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server-se.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server-sg.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server-stockh.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server-ua.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server-uk.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server-us.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
telstra.imrworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.redsheriff.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cydoor.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
j.2004cms.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jbaventures.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jbeet.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jbit.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jcollegehumor.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jdownloadacc.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen1.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen10.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen11.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen12.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen13.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen14.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen15.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen16.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen17.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen18.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen19.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen2.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen20.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen21.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen22.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen23.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen24.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen25.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen26.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen27.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen28.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen29.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen3.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen30.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen31.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen32.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen33.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen34.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen35.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen36.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen37.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen38.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen39.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen4.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen40.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen41.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen42.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen43.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen44.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen45.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen46.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen47.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen48.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen49.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen5.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen6.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen7.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen8.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jgen9.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jhumour.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jmbi58.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jnova.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jpirate.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jsandboxer.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jumcna.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jwebbsense.cjt1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.cydoor.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
102.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
102.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
192.168.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
actforvictory.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adbrite.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adbrite.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aehistory.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aetv.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
agamgreetingscom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
allbritton.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
americanbaby.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ancestrymsn.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ancestryuki.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
and.co.uk.102.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
angiba.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
angmar.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
angtr.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
angts.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
angvac.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
anm.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aolcareers.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aoldlama.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aoljournals.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aolnsnews.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aolpf.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aolpolls.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aolpolls.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aolsearch.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aolsvc.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aoltmz.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aolturnercnnmoney.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aolturnercnnmoney.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aolturnersi.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aolukglobal.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aolwinamp.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aolwpaim.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aolwpicq.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aolwpmq.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aolwpmqnoban.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
apdigitalorg.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
apdigitalorgovn.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
apnonline.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
atlassian.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
autobytel.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
autoweb.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bbcnewscouk.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bellca.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bellglobemediapublishing.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bellglovemediapublishing.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bellserviceeng.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
betterhg.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bhgmarketing.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bidentonrccom.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
biwwltvcom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
biwwltvcom.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
blackpress.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bnkr8dev.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bntbcstglobal.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bosecom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
brightcove.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bulldog.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
businessweekpoc.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bzresults.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cablevision.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
canwest.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
canwestcom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
canwestglobal.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
capcityadvcom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
capcityadvcom.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
careers.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cartoonnetwork.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cbaol.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cbc.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cbcca.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cbcca.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cbcincinnatienquirer.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cbmsn.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cbs.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cbsncaasports.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cbsnfl.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cbspgatour.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cbsspln.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ccrbudgetca.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ccrgaviscom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cfrfa.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
chicagosuntimes.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
chumtv.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
classifiedscanada.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
classmatescom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cmpglobalvista.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cnetasiapacific.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cnetaustralia.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cneteurope.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cnetnews.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cnetzdnet.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cnhienid.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cnhimcalesternews.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cnhipicayuneitemv.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cnhitribunestar.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cnhitribunestara.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cnhregisterherald.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cnn.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
computerworldcom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
condenast.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
coxnetmasterglobal.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
coxpalmbeachpost.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
csoonlinecom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ctvcrimelibrary.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ctvsmokinggun.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cxociocom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
denverpost.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
diginet.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
digitalhomediscountptyltd.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
disccglobal.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
disccstats.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dischannel.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
divx.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dixonslnkcouk.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dogpile.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
donval.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dowjones.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dreammates.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eaeacom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eagamesuk.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
earthlnkpsplive.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ebay1.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ebaynonreg.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ebayreg.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ebayus.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ebcom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ectestlampsplus1.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
edietsmain.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
edmundsinsideline.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
edsa.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-moma.hitbox.com.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
emc.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
employ22.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
employ26.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
employment.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
enterprisenewsmedia.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
epost.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ewsnaples.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ewstcpalm.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
examinercom.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
execulink.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
expedia.ca.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
expedia4.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
f2ncracker.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
f2nsmh.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
f2ntheage.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
faceoff.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fbkmnr.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
forbesattache.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
forbesauto.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
forbesautos.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
forbescom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ford.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
foxcom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
foxsimpsons.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
georgewbush.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
georgewbushcom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gettyimages.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gjfastcompanycom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gmchevyapprentice.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gmhummer.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gntbcstglobal.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gntbcstkxtv.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gntbcstwtsp.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper104.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper105.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper107.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper108.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper109.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper110.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper111.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper112.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper113.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper114.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper115.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper116.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper117.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper118.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper119.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper120.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper121.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper122.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper123.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper124.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper125.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper126.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper127.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper128.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper129.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper131.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper132.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper133.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper138.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper139.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper140.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper141.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper142.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper144.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper145.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper147.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper149.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper151.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper154.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper156.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper157.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper158.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper162.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper164.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper166.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper167.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper169.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper170.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper171.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper172.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper173.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper174.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper176.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper177.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper180.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper183.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper184.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper191.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper192.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper193.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper194.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper195.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper196.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper197.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper198.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper202.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper204.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper205.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper212.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper214.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper219.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gpaper223.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
harpo.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hchrmain.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
heavycom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
heavycom.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
homesclick.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hostdomainpeople.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hostdomainpeopleca.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hostpowermedium.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hpglobal.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hphqglobal.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hphqsearch.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
infomart.ca.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
infospace.com.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
intelcorpcim.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
intelglobal.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ivillageglobal.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jijsonline.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jitmj4.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
johnlewis.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
journalregistercompany.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kddi.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
krafteurope.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ktva.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ladieshj.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
laptopmag.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
laxnws.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
laxprs.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
laxpsd.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ldsfch.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
leeenterprises.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lenovo.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
logoworksdev.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
losu.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mailtribune.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
maxim.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
maxvr.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mdamarillo.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mdjacksonville.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mdtopeka.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mdwardmore.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mdwsavannah.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
medbroadcast.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mediabistrocom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mediamatters.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
meetupcom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metacafe.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metro.co.uk.102.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mgjournalnow.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mgtbo.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mgtimesdispatch.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mgwsls.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mgwspa.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
microsoftconsumermarketing.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
microsofteup.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
microsoftwindows.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
midala.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
midar.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
midsen.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mlbastros.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mlbcolorado.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mlbcom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mlbglobal.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mlbglobal08.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mlbhouston.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mlbstlouis.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mlbtoronto.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mmsshopcom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mnfidnahub.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mngidmn.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mngirockymtnnews.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mngislctrib.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mngiyrkdr.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mseuppremain.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
msnmercom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
msnportal.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mtvn.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mtvu.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mxmacromedia.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
myfamilyancestry.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nasdaq.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
natgeoeditco.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
natgeoeditcom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
natgeonews.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
natgeongmcom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nationalpost.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nba.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
neber.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
netrp.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
netsdartboards.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
newsinteractive.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
newstimeslivecom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nike.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nikeplus.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nmanchorage.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nmbrampton.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nmcommancomedia.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nmfresno.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nmhiltonhead.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nmkawartha.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nmminneapolis.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nmmississauga.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nmnandomedia.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nmraleigh.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nmrockhill.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nmsacramento.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nmtoronto.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nmtricity.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nmyork.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
novellcom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nytbglobe.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nytglobe.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nythglobe.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nytimesglobal.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nytimesnonsampled.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nytimesnoonsampled.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nytmembercenter.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nytrflorence.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nytrgadsden.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nytrgainseville.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nytrhendersonville.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nytrhouma.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nytrlakeland.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nytrsantarosa.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nytrsarasota.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nytrwilmington.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nyttechnology.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
omniture.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
omnitureglobal.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
onlineindigoca.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oracle.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oraclecom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
overstock.com.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
overturecomvista.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
paypal.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
poacprod.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
poconorecordcom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
projectorpeople.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
publicationsunbound.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pulharktheherald.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pulpantagraph.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rckymtnnws.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
recordnetcom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
recordonlinecom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rey3935.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rezrezwhistler.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
riptownmedia.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rncgopcom.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
roxio.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
salesforce.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
santacruzsentinel.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sciamglobal.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scrippsbathvert.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scrippsfoodnet.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scrippswfts.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scrippswxyz.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
seacoastonlinecom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
searscom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
smibs.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
smwww.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sonycorporate.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sonyglobal.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
southcoasttoday.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
spiketv.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stpetersburgtimes.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
suncom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sunglobal.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sunonesearch.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
survey.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sympmsnsports.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
techreview.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thestar.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thestardev.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thinkgeek.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
timebus2.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
timecom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
timeew.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
timefortune.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
timehealth.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
timeofficepirates.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
timepeople.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
timepopsci.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
timerealsimple.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
timewarner.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tmsscion.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tmstoyota.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tnttv.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
torstardigital.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
travidiathebrick.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tribuneinteractive.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
usatoday1.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
usnews.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
usun.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vanns.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
verisignwildcard.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
verisonwildcard.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vh1com.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
viaatomvideo.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
viacomedycentralrl.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
viagametrailers.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
viamtvcom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
viasyndimedia.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
viavh1com.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
viay2m.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vintacom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
viralvideo.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
walmartcom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
westjet.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wileydumcom.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wmg.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wmgmulti.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
workopolis.122.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wpni.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xhealthmobiletools.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
youtube.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
yrkeve.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ziffdavisglobal.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ziffdavispennyarcade.112.2o7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
1000ps.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
afinder.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
alphalux.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
apodir.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
arboe.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aschreib.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ascout24.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
atvplus.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
audi4e.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
austria.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
automobi.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
automoto.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
babyf.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bazar.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bdb.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bliga.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buschen.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
car4you.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cinplex.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
derstand.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dispatcher.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
docfind.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
doodle.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
drei.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dropkick.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
enerweb.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
falstaff.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fanrep.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fflotte.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fitges.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fondprof.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fratz.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fscout24.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gamesw.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
geizhals.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gillout.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gkueche.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gmx.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gofem.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
heute.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
immobili.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
immosuch.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
indumag.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
induweb.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
issges.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jobwohn.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
karriere.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kinder.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kinowelt.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
krone.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kronehit.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
landwirt.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
liportal.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mamilade.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
manntv.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
medpop.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
megaplex.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metropol.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mmarkt.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
monitor.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
motorl.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
msn.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
newsnetw.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nickde.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
noen.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
notori.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oe24.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oeamtc.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oewa.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ooen.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
orf.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
parent.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
radioat.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtl.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
salzburg.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
schlager.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sdo.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
seibli.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
servustv.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
skip.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
skysport.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
smedizin.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sms.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
solidbau.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
speising.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sportat.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ssl-compass.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ssl-geizhals.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ssl-helpgvat.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ssl-karriere.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ssl-msn.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ssl-top.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ssl-uspgvat.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ssl-willhab.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ssl-wko.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
starchat.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sunny.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
super.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
supermed.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
svpro7.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
szene1.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tagpress.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tele.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tennis.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tips.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tirolcom.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
top.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tramarkt.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tripwolf.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
uncut.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
unimed.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
uwz.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vcm.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
via.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
viacom.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
warda.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webprog.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wfussb.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wienerz.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wiengvat.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
willhab.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wirtvlg.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
woche.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wohnnet.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zfm.oewabox.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
24-7clinic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
365redirect.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a-redirect.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a-resolver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
accomodation-tastes.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
accountcanceled.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
accountnotify.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
accounts.mx	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
accountsections.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
active-folders.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
actu24.online	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad-generator.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad-switcher.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
addresstimeframe.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adscreator.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsload.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
advert-time.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
advert-track.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
afriquenouvelle.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
agilityprocessing.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
alignmentdisabled.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
apiapple.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
appleleaveit.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
appointments-online.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
arabnews365.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
asrarrarabiya.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
assembled-battery.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
authenticangry.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
authenticated-origin.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
av-scanner.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
babies-bottles.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
balancewreckpoint.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bankportal.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
baramije.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bargainservice.online	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bdaynotes.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
beanbounce.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
becomeiguana.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bestcandyever.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bestfoods.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bestheadphones4u.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
beststores4u.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bestsushiever.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bigseatsout.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
biscuit-taste.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bitanalysis.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
black-bricks.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
blackwhitebags.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
blindlydivision.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
blockedsituation.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
blogreseller.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
boldconclusion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bottlehere.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
boxes-mix.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
brand-tech.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
breaking-news.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
breakingnewsasia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bubblesmoke.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bubblesweetcake.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buildingcarpet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buildyourdata.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bulksender.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bulktheft.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bullgame.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bustimer.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
butterdogchange.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cablegirls.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
calculatesymbols.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cars-to-buy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cashandlife.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdnwa.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
centersession.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cheapapartmentsaroundme.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
chickenwaves.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
chubaka.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clickrighthere.online	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clicktrack247.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clients-access.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
closefly.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cloudads.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cloudbiggest.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clubloading.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clubsforus.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cnn-africa.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
coffee2go.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
colorfulnotebooks.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
colorsoflife.online	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
connecting-to.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
contacting-customer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
contentsbycase.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
crownsafe.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cryptocurrecny.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cryptokoinz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dashboardprompt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
data-formula.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
deal4unow.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
designednetwork.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
devicer.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dhcpserver.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
diagram-shape.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
diaspora-news.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
discountads.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
displaytag.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dns-analytics.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dns-upload.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dnsclocknow.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dnslogs.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dnsmachinefork.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dnsprotector.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
doitformom.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
domain-control.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
domainloading.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
domainport.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
domains-resolver.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
domesticwindow.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dowhatyouneed.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
downgradeproduct.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dramatic-challenge.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dynamic-dns.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-loading.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
easy-pay.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
effectivespeech.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
emonitoring-paczki.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
enoughtoday.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
estatearea.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
exchangenerate.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
existingpass.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
expiredsession.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
exploreemail.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
externalprivacy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
extractsight.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
extrahoney.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eyestoip.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fallround.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
familyabroad.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fashion-online.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fashioncontainer.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fatpop.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fb-accounts.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fbsecurity.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
feature-publish.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
feelbonesbag.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
feeltrail.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fetchlink.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
files-downloads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
findgoodfood.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fitness-for-ever.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
foodeveryhour.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
formattingcells.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
forward-page.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
forward5costume.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
free247downloads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
freedominfo.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
freeshoemoon.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
functionalcover.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
funintheuk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gadgetproof.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
getoutofyourmind.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
getpoints.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
glassesofwine.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
glasstaken.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
glittercases.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
global-redirect.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
globalnews247.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
good-games.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
goroskop.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gossipsbollywoods.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
greensmallcanvas.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
greenwatermovement.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
growstart.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
halal-place.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
handcraftedformat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hatsampledc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
health-club.online	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
healthykids-food.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
heavy-flood.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hillsaround.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hitrafficip.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hmizat.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
holdstory.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
holecatorange.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
homeishere.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
host-redirect.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hotinfosource.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
housesfurniture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
htmlmetrics.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
httpaccess.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
humblebenefit.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
icrcworld.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
in-weather.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
in2date.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
inbox-messages.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
industry-specialist.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ineediscounts.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
infospress.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
investormanage.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ipjackets.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
islamiyaat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jeeyarworld.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
judgeauthority.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kaidee.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
khaleejtimes.online	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kingdom-news.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
knowseminar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
last-chainleash.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
latest-songs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lawlowvat.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
layerprotect.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
layoutfill.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
leavehomego.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
letyoufall.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
levelsteelwhite.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lifenoonkid.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
link-crawler.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
link-scan.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lizzardsnail.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
loading-domain.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
loading-page.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
loading-url.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
loadthatpage.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lowervalues.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
maghrebfoot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
magicalipone.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mainredirecter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
maphonortea.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mapupdatezone.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
martinipicnic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mealrentyard.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
medical-updates.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
medicalcircle.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
merchant-businesses.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mergeandcenter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mobilebrowsing.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
monawa3ate.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mondaymornings.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
morning-maps.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
motivation-go.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mozillaname.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
multiplecurrencies.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mybrightidea.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mygummyjelly.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
myheartbuild.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mylovelypet.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nation-news.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
net-protector.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
netvisualizer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
networkinfo.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
networkingproperty.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
neutralpages.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
newandfresh.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
newandroidapps.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
newarrivals.club	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
newip-info.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
news-flash.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
news-news.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
newscurrent.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
newsofgames.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
newworld-news.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
noextramoney.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nomorewarnow.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
normal-strength.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
normalseason.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nouvelles247.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
novosti247.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
now-online.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nsoqa.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
offspringperform.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
old-glasses.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
online-loading.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
onlycart.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
onlytoday.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
openingquestion.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
opera-van.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
operatingnews.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
opposedarrangement.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
optionstoreplace.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
orange-updates.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ourorder.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
page-host.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
page-info.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pageisloading.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pageredirect.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pageupdate.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
painting-walls.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pastesbin.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
permalinking.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pleaseusenew.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
popagency.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
port-connection.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
portredirect.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
posta.news	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pourcentfilers.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
poweredlock.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pprocessor.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
practicehazard.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
presidentialagent.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
preventadmission.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
primarystrike.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
projectgoals.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
quitmyjob.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
randomlane.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rapidredirecting.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
readirectly.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reception-desk.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
recordinglamping.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redemptionphrase.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redirect-connection.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redirect-link.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redirect-net.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redirect-protocol.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redirect-systems.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redirect-tunnel.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redirect2url.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redirectchannel.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redirectcheck.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redirectconnection.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redirecteur.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redirecting-url.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redirectit.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redirectload.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redirectnet.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redirectprotocol.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redirectshare.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redstarnews.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
regionews.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
related-ads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reload-url.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reload-url.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reloading-page1.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reloadinput.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reloadpage.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rentalindustries.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reservationszone.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
restaurantsstar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
revoke-dashboard.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
roadwide.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
robotscan.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rosesforus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sabafon.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
safe-mondays.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
saltyapplepie.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sec-checker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
secretgirlfriend.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
securedloading.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
securedlogin.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
securisurf.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
send2url.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sendhtml.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sendingurl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sendingurl.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
servingshade.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
severalheroes.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
shortredirect.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
signpetition.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
simplycode.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
skillsforest.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
smoothurl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sms-sending.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
smscentro.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
smser.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
somuchrain.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
speedservicenow.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
spiritualbrakes.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sportssaint.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sportupdates.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sslbind.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
standartsheet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
standstock.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
starreturned.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
startupsservices.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stopsms.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
storelive.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sunrise-brink.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sunsetdnsnow.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
superlinks4u.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sweet-water.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
syncingprocess.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
systemtrees.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
t-support.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
takemallelectric.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
techhelping.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
telangana-news24.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
telecom-info.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thainews.asia	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thankstossl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
theappanalytics.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thecoffeeilove.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
theredirect.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thesimplestairs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tibetnews365.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
timelesscelebrity.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
timeofflife.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tobepure.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
todaysdeals4u.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
toggletools.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tookcheckout.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
topadblocker.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tradeexchanging.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
transfer-rate.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
transferkeep.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
transferlights.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
travelight.online	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trendsymbol.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trialvariable.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trianglerank.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
turkishairines.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
unonoticias.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
unsubscribed.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
unusualneighbor.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
updateapps.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
updating-link.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
updating-url.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
updating-url.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
updatingpage.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
updatingwebpage.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
url-hoster.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
url-redirect.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
url2all.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
urlconnection.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
urlpage-redirect.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
urlpush.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
urlredirect.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
urlregistrar.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
urlreload.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
urlscanner.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
urlsync.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
urlupdates.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
urlviaweb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
utensils.pro	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vanillaandcream.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vault-encryption.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vider-image.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
viedechretien.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
viewstracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vipmasajes.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
waitingtoload.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wasted-nights.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
weatherapi.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
web-check.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
web-domain.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
web-hoster.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
web-loading.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
web-page.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
web-scanner.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
web-spider.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
web-url.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webadv.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webpageupdate.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webprotector.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webprotocol.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webresourcer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
websiteconnecting.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
websiteeco.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
websitereconnecting.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
websitetosubmit.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webstrings.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
websupporter.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webupdater.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
whats-new.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
whatsapp-app.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
whatsappsupport.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
whereismybonus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
winter-balance.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wishdownget.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wonderfulinsights.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wordstore.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
working-online.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xchange4u.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xtremelivesupport.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
youintelligence.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
youliehow.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
yourbestclothes.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
yummyfoodallover.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
0101011.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
0427d7.se	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
0d79ed.r.axf8.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
0pn.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
0qizz.super-promo.hoxo.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
1.allyes.com.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
10.im.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
104231.dtiblog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
1097834592.rsc.cdn77.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
10fbb07a4b0.se	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
121media.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
123.fluxads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
123plays.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
15.basebanner.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
15.taboola.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
1l-view.mail.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
2.marketbanker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
2.speedknow.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
207-87-18-203.wsmg.digex.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
2468.go2cloud.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
247playz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
247support.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
247support.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
24ora.eu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
24ratownik.hit.gemius.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
24trk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
25184.hittail.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
2819.linux2.testsider.dk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
2975c.v.fwmrm.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
2leep.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
2perc.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
321cba.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
32red.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
360ads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
3fns.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
411playz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
4c28d6.r.axf8.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
4qinvite.4q.iperceptions.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
4th3d48.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
6159.genieessp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
6kup12tgxx.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
7500.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
76.a.boom.ro	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
7adpower.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
7bpeople.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
7xc4n.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
820.joomsearch.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
829331534d183e7d1f6a-8d91cc88b27b979d0ea53a10ce8855ec.r96.cf5.rackcdn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
85103.hittail.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
8574dnj3yzjace8c8io6zr9u3n.hop.clickbank.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
888casino.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
961.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
9cd76b4462bb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
AUSpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
BRApolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
COMpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
COMpolice.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
CYPpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
EGYpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ETHpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
GEOpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
INDpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
LUXpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
LUXpolice.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
PAKpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
USApolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a-ads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a-blog.eu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.1nimo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.ad.playstation.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.adorika.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.adready.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.adroll.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.ads1.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.ads2.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.adstome.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.adtng.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.applvn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.baidu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.blesk.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.boom.ro	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.cctv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.centrum.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.cntv.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.denik.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.dynad.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.iprima.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.kerg.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.libertystmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.ligatus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.ligatus.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.mktw.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.o333o.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.prisacom.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.rad.live.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.rad.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.slunecnice.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.spolecznosci.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.ss34.on9mail.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.total-media.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.tribalfusion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.triggit.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.twiago.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.websponsors.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a2.mediagra.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a3.suntimes.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a7cleaner.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aa.agkn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aa.tweakers.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aaa-architecten.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aaa-arcobaleno.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aads.treehugger.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aan.amazon.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aarth.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aax-cpm.amazon-adsystem.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aax-us-east.amazon-adsystem.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aax-us-pdx.amazon-adsystem.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aax.amazon-adsystem.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ab.tweakers.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ab913aa797e78b3.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
abi83-schramberg.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
abourselfi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
abseckw.adtlgc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ac.atpanel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ac.rnm.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ac.tynt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
academy-internet.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
acceptable.a-ads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
acces.streaming-direct.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
accessfreevpn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
accountprotection.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
achetezfacile.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
acs.56.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
acs.agent.56.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
acs.agent.v-56.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
action.mathtag.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
action.media6degrees.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
actiondesk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
actionflash.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
actionsplash.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
acvs.mediaonenetwork.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
acvsrv.mediaonenetwork.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad-411.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad-audit.tubemogul.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad-balancer.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad-clicks.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad-delivery.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad-feeds.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad-flow.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad-gbn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad-indicator.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad-mediation.tuanguwen.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad-plus.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad-score.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad-server.co.za	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad-serverparc.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad-souk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad-sponsor.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad-srv.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad-u.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad-vice.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.103092804.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.23blogs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.360yield.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.3dnews.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.71i.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.abcnews.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.aboutwebservices.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.adition.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.adition.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.adnet.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.adnet.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.adnetwork.com.br	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.adnetwork.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.adorika.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.adriver.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.adsmart.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.adsrvr.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.adtegrity.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.adverticum.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.advertstream.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.adview.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.afilo.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.afy11.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.agilemedia.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.allyes.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.amgdgt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.aquamediadirect.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.auditude.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.bannerbank.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.bnmla.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.cctv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.cibleclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.clickotmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.cooks.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.dc2.adtech.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.deviantart.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.directmirror.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.directrev.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.dnoticias.pt	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.doganburda.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.doublemax.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.duga.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.e-kolay.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.egloos.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.ekonomikticaret.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.eporner.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.ettoday.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.eurosport.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.filmweb.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.firstadsolution.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.floq.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.flux.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.fout.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.funpic.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.garantiarkadas.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.gazeta.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.ghfusion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.goo.ne.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.gr.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.groupon.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.groupon.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.groupon.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.groupon.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.groupon.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.groupon.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.groupon.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.groupon.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.hankooki.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.horvitznewspapers.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.icasthq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.iconadserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.iloveinterracial.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.insightexpressai.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.ir.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.jamba.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.jamster.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.jokeroo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.kataweb.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.kau.li	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.krutilka.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.land.to	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.leadbolt.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.lgappstv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.linkexchange.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.linkstorms.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.linksynergy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.livere.co.kr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.lyricswire.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.mail.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.mangareader.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.mastermedia.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.media-servers.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.moscowtimes.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.my.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.ne.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.network60.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.nicovideo.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.nozonedata.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.ntvmsnbc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.ohmynews.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.ourgame.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.pandora.tv	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.parom.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.partis.si	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.pickple.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.pravda.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.premiumonlinemedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.propellerads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.prv.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.qyer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.realist.gen.tr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.realmcdn.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.reklamport.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.repubblica.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.ru.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.search.ch	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.sensismediasmart.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.sensismediasmart.com.au	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.slashgear.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.smartclip.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.sxp.smartclip.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.thetyee.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.thewheelof.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.thisav.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.trafficmp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.turn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.tv2.no	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.usatoday.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.userporn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.valuecalling.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.weplayer.cc	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.where.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.wsod.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.yadro.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.yemeksepeti.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.yieldmanager.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.zaman.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.zanox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad.zodera.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad0.haynet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad01.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad01.mediacorpsingapore.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad02.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad03.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad04.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad05.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad06.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad07.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad08.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad09.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad1.bannerbank.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad1.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad1.emediate.dk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad1.gamezone.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad1.hotel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad1.lbn.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad1.popcap.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad10.bannerbank.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad10.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad10.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad101com.adbureau.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad10digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad11.bannerbank.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad11.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad11.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad11digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad12.bannerbank.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad12.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad12.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad12digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad13.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad13.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad131m.adk2.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad13digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad14.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad14.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad14digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad15.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad15.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad15digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad16.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad16.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad16digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad17.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad17.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad17digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad18.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad18.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad18digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad19.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad19.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad19digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad1digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad2.adecn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad2.bannerbank.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad2.bannerhost.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad2.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad2.cooks.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad2.firehousezone.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad2.gammae.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad2.hotel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad2.lbn.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad2.nationalreview.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad2.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad2.zophar.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad20.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad20.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad20digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad21.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad21digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad22.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad22digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad23.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad23digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad24.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad24digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad25.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad25digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad26.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad26digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad27.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad27digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad28.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad28digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad29.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad29digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad2digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad2games.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad3.adfarm1.adition.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad3.bannerbank.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad3.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad3.eu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad3.lbn.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad3.nationalreview.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad30.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad30digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad31.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad31digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad32.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad32digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad33.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad33digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad34.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad34digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad35.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad35digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad36.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad36digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad37.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad37digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad38.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad38digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad39.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad39digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad3digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad4.adfarm1.adition.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad4.bannerbank.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad4.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad4.lbn.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad4.speedbit.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad40.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad40digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad41.atlas.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad41.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad41digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad42.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad42digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad43.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad43digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad44.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad44digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad45.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad45digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad46.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad46digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad47.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad47digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad48.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad48digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad49.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad49digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad4digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad4game.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad4partners.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad5.bannerbank.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad5.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad5.lbn.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad50.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad50digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad5digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad6.bannerbank.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad6.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad6.horvitznewspapers.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad6digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad6media.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad7.bannerbank.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad7.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad7digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad8.adfarm1.adition.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad8.bannerbank.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad8.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad8digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad9.bannerbank.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad9.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ad9digital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adagiobanner.s3.amazonaws.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adaos-ads.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adap.tv	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adapd.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adashx.ut.taobao.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adashx4ae.ut.taobao.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adb.fling.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adb.wp.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adbers.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adbg.hit.gemius.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adbit.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adblade.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adblockanalytics.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adbot.theonion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adbrite.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adbucks.brandreachsys.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adc2.adcentriconline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adc3-launch.adcolony.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adcanadian.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adcarem.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adcash.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adcast.deviantart.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adcentric.randomseed.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adcentriconline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adclick.hit.gemius.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adclient-af.lp.uol.com.br	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adcode.adengage.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adconscious.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adcontent.gamespy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adcontent.reedbusiness.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adcontroller.unicast.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adcovery.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adcycle.footymad.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
add.f5haber.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
addelivery.thestreet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
addserver.mtv.com.tr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
addstock.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
addthis.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
addthiscdn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ade.wooboo.com.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adecn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adengine.rt.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adexc.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adexchangegate.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adexchangeprediction.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adexpansion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adexprt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adexprt.me	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adexprts.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adext.inkclub.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adfactor.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adfarm1.adition.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adforce.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adforce.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adform.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adfusion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adgardener.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adgraphics.theonion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adguanggao.eee114.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adhearus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adhese.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adhese.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adhese.nieuwsblad.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adhitzads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adhref.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adidm.idmnet.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adimage.asia1.com.sg	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adimage.blm.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adimages.earthweb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adimages.go.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adimages.mp3.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adimages.omroepzeeland.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adimg.activeadv.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adimg.com.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adin.bigpoint.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adipics.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adireland.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adition.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adjmps.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adjuggler.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adjuggler.yourdictionary.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adkontekst.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adm.265g.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adm.baidu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adm.funshion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adm.fwmrm.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adm.shinobi.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adm.xmfish.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adman.freeze.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adman.gr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adman.se	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
admanage.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
admanager.btopenworld.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
admanager.collegepublisher.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
admarkt.marktplaats.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
admatch-syndication.mochila.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
admatcher.videostrip.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
admd.yam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
admedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
admedia.wsod.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
admeld.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
admerize.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
admez.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
admin.digitalacre.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
admin.hotkeys.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
admonkey.dapper.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adms.physorg.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adn.ebay.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adn.zone-telechargement.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adnet.asahi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adnet.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adnet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adnet.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adnetwork.nextgen.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adnetwork.rovicorp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adnetworkperformance.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adnxs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adnxs.revsci.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adobe.tt.omtrdc.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adobee.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adocean.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adonline.e-kolay.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adopt.euroclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adopt.precisead.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adotube.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adp.gazeta.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adpepper.dk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adping.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adprovider.adlure.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adpulse.ads.targetnet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adq.nextag.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adrazzi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adriver.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adroll.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adrotator.se	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adrunnr.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads-a.juicyads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads-d.viber.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads-de.spray.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads-game-187f4.firebaseapp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads-rm.looksmart.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads-rolandgarros.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads-roularta.adhese.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads-stats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads-t.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.5ci.lt	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.7days.ae	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.abs-cbn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.accelerator-media.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.aceweb.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.ad-center.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.ad4game.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.adamoads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.adap.tv	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.adaptv.advertising.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.adbroker.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.adcorps.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.addesktop.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.addynamix.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.adengage.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.adfox.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.adgoto.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.adhall.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.adhostingsolutions.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.adk2.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.admarvel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.admaximize.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.adroar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.adsag.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.adsbookie.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.adshareware.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.adsinimages.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.adsonar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.adsrvmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.adsrvmedia.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.adtegrity.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.adtiger.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.adultfriendfinder.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.advance.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.adverline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.adviva.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.adworldnetwork.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.adxpansion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.adxpose.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.aerserv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.affiliates.match.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.ahds.ac.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.al.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.albawaba.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.allsites.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.allvertical.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.almasdarnews.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.amazingmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.amgdgt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.ami-admin.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.apartmenttherapy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.api.vungle.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.apn.co.nz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.apn.co.za	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.araba.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.aroundtherings.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.as4x.tmcs.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.as4x.tmcs.ticketmaster.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.aspalliance.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.aspentimes.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.associatedcontent.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.astalavista.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.auctionads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.auctioncity.co.nz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.auctions.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.avazu.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.aws.viber.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.azjmp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.b10f.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.baazee.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.bangkokpost.co.th	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.bauerpublishing.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.bbcworld.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.bcnewsgroup.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.beeb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.beliefnet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.belointeractive.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.betweendigital.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.bfast.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.bianca.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.bidclix.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.bidstreamserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.biggerboat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.bizhut.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.bizx.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.blixem.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.blog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.blogherads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.bloomberg.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.bluemountain.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.bonnint.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.brabys.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.brand.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.buscape.com.br	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.businessclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.businessweek.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.camrecord.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.cardea.se	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.carocean.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.casinocity.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.catholic.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.cavello.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.cbc.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.cc-dt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.cdn.viber.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.cdnow.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.centraliprom.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.cgchannel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.chalomumbai.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.champs-elysees.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.chipcenter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.chumcity.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.cineville.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.cleveland.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.clickability.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.clickad.com.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.clickagents.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.clubzone.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.cluster01.oasis.zmh.zope.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.cnixon.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.cnngo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.cobrad.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.collegclub.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.collegemix.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.com.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.contactmusic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.contentabc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.coopson.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.corusradionetwork.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.courierpostonline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.crakmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.crapville.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.creative-serving.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.crosscut.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.ctvdigital.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.currantbun.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.cvut.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.cybersales.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.dada.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.ddj.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.democratandchronicle.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.dennisnet.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.designboom.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.designtaxi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.desmoinesregister.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.detelefoongids.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.deviantart.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.digital-digest.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.digitalacre.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.digitalcaramel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.digitalmedianet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.digitalpoint.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.dimcab.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.directionsmag.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.dk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.domeus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.drf.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.e-planning.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.ecircles.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.economist.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.einmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.eircom.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.enliven.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.erotism.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.espn.adsonar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.eu.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.examiner.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.exosrv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.expekt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.fairfax.com.au	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.fayettevillenc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.fileindexer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.filmup.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.first-response.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.flashgames247.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.fling.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.floridatoday.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.fool.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.forbes.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.fortunecity.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.fox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.foxnews.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.fredericksburg.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.freebannertrade.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.freeskreen.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.freshmeat.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.friendfinder.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.fuckingmachines.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.game.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.gamecity.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.gamecopyworld.no	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.gamespyid.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.garga.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.glispa.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.globo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.gmodules.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.gold	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.golfweek.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.gorillanation.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.gplusmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.granadamedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.greenbaypressgazette.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.greenvilleonline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.guardian.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.guardianunlimited.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.haberler.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.harpers.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.hbv.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.he.valueclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.hearstmags.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.heartlight.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.heraldnet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.heroldonline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.hitcents.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.hollandsentinel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.hollywood.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.hulu.com.edgesuite.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.i-am-bored.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.icq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.ign.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.illuminatednation.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.indeed.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.indiatimes.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.indya.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.indystar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.inetinteractive.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.infi.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.injersey.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.intellicast.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.intergi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.internic.co.il	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.ipowerweb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.ireport.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.isoftmarketing.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.itv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.iwon.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.jetpackdigital.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.jewcy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.jimworld.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.jokaroo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.jossip.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.jpost.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.juicyads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.keywordblocks.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.koreanfriendfinder.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.ksl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.kure.tv	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.lfstmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.link4ads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.linktracking.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.linuxjournal.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.live365.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.lmmob.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.lucidmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.lycos.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.lzjl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.madisonavenue.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.magnetic.is	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.mail3x.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.mariuana.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.mcafee.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.mdchoice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.mediaforge.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.mediamayhemcorp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.mediaodyssey.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.mediaturf.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.mefeedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.megaproxy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.metblogs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.metropolis.co.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.mgnetwork.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.mindsetnetwork.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.mircx.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.mlive.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.mm.ap.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.mofos.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.mopub.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.morningstar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.mouseplanet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.movieweb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.mozilla.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.mp.mydas.mobi	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.mp3searchy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.mtv.uol.com.br	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.multimania.lycos.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.mustangworks.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.mycricket.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.mysimon.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.mytelus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.nationalreview.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.nerve.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.netbul.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.networkwcs.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.networldmedia.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.neudesicmediagroup.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.newgrounds.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.newsint.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.newsminerextra.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.newsobserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.newsquest.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.newtention.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.nexage.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.nicovideo.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.ninemsn.com.au	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.nola.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.northjersey.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.novem.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.novinhagostosa10.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.ntadvice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.nyi.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.nyootv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.nytimes.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.o2.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.ole.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.omaha.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.online.ie	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.onvertise.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.open.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.opensubtitles.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.oregonlive.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.osdn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.panoramtech.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.paper.li	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.parrysound.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.paxnet.co.kr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.peel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.pennyweb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.people.com.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.persgroep.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.phillyburbs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.phpclasses.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.pitchforkmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.pittsburghlive.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.pixiq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.planet-f1.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.pni.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.pno.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.poconorecord.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.pof.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.pointroll.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.premiumnetwork.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.pressdemo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.pricescan.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.prisacom.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.pro-market.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.pro-market.net.edgesuite.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.profitsdeluxe.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.profootballtalk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.program3.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.prospect.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.pruc.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.pubmatic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.queendom.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.ratemyprofessors.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.rcgroups.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.rdstore.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.realcastmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.realcities.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.realmedia.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.rediff.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.register.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.reklamatik.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.reklamlar.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.revenue.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.revsci.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.roanoke.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.roiserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.rondomondo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.rootzoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.rubiconproject.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.ruralpress.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.sacbee.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.satyamonline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.scabee.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.scifi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.scorecardresearch.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.scott-sports.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.scottusa.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.servebom.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.servenobid.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.sexier.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.sfusion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.shiftdelete.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.shizmoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.shovtvnet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.showtvnet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.simpli.fi	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.simtel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.simtel.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.sl.interpals.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.smartclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.smartclicks.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.smartclicks.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.smowtion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.snowball.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.socialtheater.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.space.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.specificclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.specificmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.spilgames.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.spintrade.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.spymac.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.stackoverflow.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.starbanner.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.stephensmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.stileproject.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.stoiximan.gr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.sumotorrent.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.sup.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.superonline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.swiftnews.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.tbs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.technoratimedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.techvibes.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.techweb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.telecinco.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.thecoolhunter.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.thecrimson.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.thefrisky.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.theindependent.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.themoneytizer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.theolympian.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.thestar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.timesunion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.tmcs.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.tnt.tv	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.toronto.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.townhall.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.tracfonewireless.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.track.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.traderonline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.traffichaus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.trafficjunky.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.treehugger.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.trinitymirror.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.tripod.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.tripod.lycos.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.tripod.lycos.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.tripod.lycos.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.tromaville.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.trutv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.tw.adsonar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.uigc.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.ukclimbing.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.ultimatesurrender.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.undertone.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.uproar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.urbandictionary.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.usatoday.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.v3.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.v3exchange.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.vaildaily.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.valuead.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.vegas.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.veloxia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.ventivmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.veoh.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.viber.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.videoadvertising.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.vidoomy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.virginislandsdailynews.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.virtualcountries.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.waframedia1.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.waps.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.wapx.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.weather.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.web.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.web21.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.webfeat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.webheat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.webhosting.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.webindia123.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.webmd.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.webnet.advance.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.winsite.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.worldstarhiphop.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.x17online.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.xbox-scene.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.xtra.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.xtra.co.nz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.xtramsn.co.nz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.yap.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.yimg.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.yimg.com.edgesuite.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.yldmgrimg.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.youtube.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.zamunda.se	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.zynga.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads01.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads01.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads02.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads03.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads04.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads05.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads06.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads07.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads08.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads09.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads1.admedia.ro	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads1.advance.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads1.ami-admin.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads1.destructoid.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads1.erotism.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads1.jev.co.za	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads1.msads.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads1.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads1.performancingads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads1.realcities.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads1.revenue.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads1.updated.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads10.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads10.speedbit.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads11.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads12.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads13.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads13000.cpmoz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads14.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads15.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads16.advance.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads16.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads17.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads18.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads19.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads1a.depositfiles.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads2-adnow.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads2.advance.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads2.clearchannel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads2.clickad.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads2.collegclub.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads2.collegeclub.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads2.contentabc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads2.gamecity.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads2.haber3.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads2.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads2.opensubtitles.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads2.osdn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads2.pittsburghlive.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads2.realcities.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads2.revenue.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads2.weblogssl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads2.zeusclicks.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads20.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads21.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads22.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads22.host-cdn.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads23.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads24.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads24.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads25.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads2ads.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads2srv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads3.advance.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads3.freebannertrade.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads3.gamecity.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads3.haber3.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads3.realcities.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads360.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads4.advance.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads4.gamecity.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads4.realcities.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads4cheap.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads4homes.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads5.advance.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads5.fxdepo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads6.advance.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads6.gamecity.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads7.advance.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads7.gamecity.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads7.speedbit.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads80.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsadmin.corusradionetwork.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsatt.abcnews.starwave.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsatt.espn.go.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsatt.espn.starwave.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsbb.dfiles.eu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adscendmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adscholar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsclick.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsdaq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsearch.adkontekst.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsearch.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsearch.wp.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserv.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserv.lwmn.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserv.maineguide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserv.mywebtimes.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserv.postbulletin.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserv.quality-channel.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserv.usps.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserv001.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserv001.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserv002.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserv002.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserv003.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserv003.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserv004.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserv004.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserv005.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserv005.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserv006.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserv006.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserv007.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserv007.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserv008.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserv008.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserv2.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserve.adtoll.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserve.city-ad.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserve.ehpub.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserve.gossipgirls.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserve.mizzenmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserve.podaddies.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserve.profit-smart.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserve.shopzilla.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserve.viaarena.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserve5.nikkeibp.co.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver-2.ig.com.br	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver-4.ig.com.br	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver-5.ig.com.br	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver-espnet.sportszone.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver-images.adikteev.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver-us.adtech.advertising.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.100free.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.3digit.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.71i.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.abv.bg	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.adreactor.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.adremedy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.ads360.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.adtech.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.adtechus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.adultfriendfinder.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.advertist.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.affiliatemg.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.airmiles.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.aol.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.archant.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.betandwin.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.bizland-inc.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.bluereactor.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.cams.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.cantv.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.cebu-online.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.chickclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.click4cash.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.clundressed.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.co.il	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.colleges.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.corusradionetwork.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.creative-asia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.creativeinspire.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.dayrates.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.dbusiness.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.developersnetwork.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.digitoday.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.directforce.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.dnps.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.dotmusic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.emulation64.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.exoticads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.filefront.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.friendfinder.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.gameparty.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.gorillanation.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.gr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.harktheherald.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.hellasnet.gr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.hg-computer.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.home.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.hostinteractive.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.humanux.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.hwupgrade.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.icmedienhaus.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.ign.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.infotiger.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.intentiq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.interfree.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.inwind.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.ision.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.isonews.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.janes.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.janes.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.janes.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.juicyads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.killeraces.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.kimia.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.kylemedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.lanacion.com.ar	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.legacy-network.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.libero.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.linktrader.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.livejournal.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.lostreality.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.lunarpages.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.lycos.co.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.magazyn.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.matchcraft.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.merc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.mindshare.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.mobsmith.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.myownemail.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.netcreators.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.ngz-network.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.nydailynews.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.nzoom.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.o2.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.omroepzeeland.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.onwisconsin.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.passion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.phatmax.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.phillyburbs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.planet-multiplayer.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.portal.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.portalofevil.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.pressboard.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.proteinos.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.radio-canada.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.ro	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.sandbox.cxad.cxense.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.sanomawsoy.fi	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.sextracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.sharewareonline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.sl.kharkov.ua	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.smashtv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.snowball.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.softonic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.soloserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.swiatobrazu.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.te.pt	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.terra.com.br	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.terra.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.theknot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.theonering.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.thirty4.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.thisislondon.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.track-star.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.trader.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.trafficsyndicate.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.tweakers.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.twitpic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.ugo.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.van.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.virginmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.virtuous.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.webads.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.webads.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.wietforum.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.x3.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver.zeads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver1-images.backbeatmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver1.adtech.com.tr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver1.backbeatmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver1.hookyouup.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver1.mediainsight.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver1.sonymusiceurope.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver1.wmads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver2.atman.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver2.creative.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver2.mediainsight.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserver9.contextad.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adserversolutions.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adservice.google.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adservice.google.co.za	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adservice.google.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adservice.google.com.au	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adservice.google.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adservice.google.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adseu.novem.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsfac.eu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsfac.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsfac.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsfile.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsgroup.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adshmct.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adshmmsg.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsinimages.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsino24.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adslvfile.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adslvseed.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsm.soush.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsmart.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsmart.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsmart.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsmetadata.startappservice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsniper.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsoftware.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsoldier.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsomenoise.cdn01.rambla.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adson.awempire.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsonar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsp.ciner.com.tr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsp.haberturk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adspaces.ero-advertising.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adspirit.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsqqclick.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsrevenue.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsrich.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsrv.dispatch.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsrv.hpg.com.br	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsrv.iol.co.za	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsrv.lua.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsrv.me	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsrv.tuscaloosanews.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsrv.wilmingtonstar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsrv2.wilmingtonstar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsrvr.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsrvr.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adssl01.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adssl01.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adssl02.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adssl02.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsspace.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adstest.reklamstore.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adstextview.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adstil.indiatimes.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adstogo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adstome.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adstract.adk2x.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adstream.cardboardfish.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsupplyads.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsvidsdouble.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsview.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsview2.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adswakeup.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsxyz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsyndication.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsynergy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adsys.townnews.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adtag.cc	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adtag.msn.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adtag.sympatico.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adtaily.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adtaily.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adtech.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adtech.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adtech.panthercustomer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adtechus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adtegrity.spinbox.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adtext.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adthru.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adtigerpl.adspirit.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adtlgc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adtotal.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adtracking.vinden.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adtrader.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adtrak.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adultadworld.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adv-mydarkness.ggcorp.me	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adv-op2.joygames.me	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adv.adgates.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adv.adview.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adv.bbanner.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adv.gazeta.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adv.lampsplus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adv.merlin.co.il	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adv.publy.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adv.strategy.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adv.virgilio.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adv.webmd.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adv.wp.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
advconversion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adveng.hiasys.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adver.pengyou.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
advert.bayarea.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
advert.uloz.to	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
advertere.zamunda.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adverteren.vakmedianet.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adverterenbijnh.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adverterenbijsbs.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
advertise.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
advertisement.avosapps.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
advertising.aol.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
advertising.bbcworldwide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
advertising.hiasys.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
advertising.illinimedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
advertising.online-media24.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
advertising.paltalk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
advertising.wellpack.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
advertisingbay.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
advertpro.investorvillage.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
advertpro.sitepoint.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adverts.ecn.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adverts.freeloader.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
advertstream.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
advice-ads-cdn.vice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adview.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adviva.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
advmaker.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
advplace.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
advserver.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
advt.webindia123.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
advzilla.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adw.sapo.pt	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adx.adform.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adx.groupstate.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adx.hendersonvillenews.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adx.starnewsonline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adx.theledger.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adxpose.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adzerk.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adzone.ro	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
afdyfxfrwbfy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
afe.specificclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
afe2.specificclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aff.promodeals.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aff.ringtonepartner.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aff3.gittigidiyor.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
affiliate-fr.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
affiliate.2mdn.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
affiliate.a4dtracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
affiliate.baazee.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
affiliate.exabytes.com.my	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
affiliate.googleusercontent.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
affiliate.mlntracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
affiliates.arvixe.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
affiliates.eblastengine.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
affiliates.genealogybank.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
affiliates.globat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
affiliation-france.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
affimg.pop6.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
afform.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
affpartners.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
affrh2023.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
afftrack001.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
afftracking.justanswer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
afilo.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
afp.qiyi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
afunnygames.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
agisdayra.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
agkn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
agriturismoilcascinone.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
agt.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ahzahg6ohb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ajanlom-magamat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ajcclassifieds.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ak.buyservices.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ak.maxserving.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ak.sail-horizon.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aka-cdn-ns.adtech.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aka-cdn-ns.adtechus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aka-cdn.adtechus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aka.ms-ads.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
akaads-espn.starwave.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
akamai.invitemedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ako.cc	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aksdk-images.adikteev.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aktiv-blog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
alexanderjonesi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
alfa-tel.sk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
all.orfr.adgtw.orangeads.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
alliance.adbureau.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
allkindlecloud.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
alternativhirek.blogspot.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
alxsite.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
amazon-adsystem.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
amch.questionmarket.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
amobil.online	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
amplify.outbrain.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
amplifypixel.outbrain.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
amrytt.adk2x.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ams1-ib.adnxs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ams1-mobile.adnxs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ams2.rumourobey.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
amusun.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
an.tacoda.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
an.yandex.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
analysis.fc2.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
analytics.kwebsoft.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
analytics.onesearch.id	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
analytics.percentmobile.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
analytics.rayjump.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
analytics.services.kirra.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
analytics.shareaholic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
analytics.spotta.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
analytics.verizonenterprise.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
analytics.vodafone.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
analyzer51.fc2.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
andr0id.traffic-smart.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
anephangja.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
anepszava.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
anetit.tradedoubler.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
angeldonationblog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ankieta-online.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
annuaire-autosurf.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
anonymous-net.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
anonymousstats.keefox.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
anrtx.tacoda.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
antyweb.push-ad.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
anycast.dt.adsafeprotected.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ap.lijit.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ap.read.mediation.pns.ap.orangeads.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
apex-ad.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
api-public.addthis.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
api-s2s.taboola.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
api.adcalls.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
api.addthis.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
api.adlure.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
api.affinesystems.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
api.airpush.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
api.content-ad.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
api.content.ad	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
api.linkgist.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
api.linkz.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
api.mixpanel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
api.optnmnstr.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
api.sagent.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
api.shoppingminds.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
api.taboola.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
api.uprivaladserver.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
api.viglink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
api.vodus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
api.zhy333.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aporasal.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
app-measurement.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
app.datafastguru.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
app.monetizze.com.br	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
app.scanscout.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
app1.letitbefaster.website	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
app1.letmacworkfaster.site	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
app2.downloadmacsoft.world	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
app2.letitbefaster.website	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
app2.letmacwork.world	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
app2.letmacworkfaster.site	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
app3.letitbefaster.website	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
app3.letmacwork.world	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
app3.makeitworkfaster.life	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
app4.kromtech.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
app4.letitbefaster.website	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
app4.letslowbefast.life	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
app5.fastermac.tech	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
app5.letitbefaster.website	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
appdatum.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
appdev.addthis.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
appfixing.space	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
applicationpremium70.club	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
applyfix.tech	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
appnexus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
appodeal.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
apps-blue.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
apps-cloud.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
apps5.oingo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
appswiss.ch	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
apx.moatads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
arbomedia.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
arcadia1998.web.fc2.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
archifaktura.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
arena.altitudeplatform.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aritzal.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
arsconsole.global-intermedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
art-offer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
as.adwise.bg	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
as.casalemedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
as.sexad.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
as.vs4entertainment.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
as.webmd.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
as1.inoventiv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
as1image1.adshuffle.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
as1image2.adshuffle.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
asa.tynt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
asb.tynt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ash.creativecdn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ashow.pcpop.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ask-gps.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
asklots.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
asm2.z1.adserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
asm3.z1.adserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
asmedia.adsupplyssl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
assets.adnuntius.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
assets.applovin.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
assets.igapi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
assets.kromtech.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
assets.percentmobile.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
assoc-amazon.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
assostudiosrl.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
asv.nuggad.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
at-adserver.alltop.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
at.m1.nedstatbasic.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
atdmt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
atemda.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
athena-ads.wikia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
atout-energie-69.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
au.ads.link4ads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
au.adserver.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
auction.unityads.unity3d.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aud.pubmatic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
audicat.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
audio-pa-service.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aureate.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aussiemethod.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
autocontext.begun.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
automotive-offer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
auxin-box.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
avidnewssource.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
avilagtitkai.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
avpa.javalobby.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
avworld.activehosted.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
avworld.lt.acemlnc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
axp.zedo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
azcentra.app.ur.gcion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
azoaltou.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
azoogleads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aztbeszelik.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
b.adexchangemachine.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
b.ads2.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
b.am15.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
b.codeonclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
b.grabo.bg	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
b.liquidustv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
b.myspace.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
b.rad.live.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
b.rad.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
b.recwwcc5.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
b1fe8a95ae27823.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
b34rightym.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
b400393baba7cd476a3.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
babanetwork.adk2x.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
babycenter.tt.omtrdc.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bacskateszov.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
badults.se	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
baiduccdn1.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bak-home.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bak0-store.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
balkanwide-assistance.rs	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bamulat.blogspot.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banery.netart.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banery.onet.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banki.onet.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bankofamerica.tt.omtrdc.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banner.betwwts.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banner.boostbox.com.br	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banner.cdpoker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banner.clubdicecasino.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banner.coza.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banner.diamondclubcasino.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banner.easyspace.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banner.media-system.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banner.monacogoldcasino.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banner.newyorkcasino.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banner.northsky.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banner.oddcast.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banner.orb.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banner.piratos.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banner.playgatecasino.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banner.rbc.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banner.relcom.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banner.ringofon.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banner.techarp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banner1.pornhost.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bannerads.anytimenews.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bannerads.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bannerads.zwire.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bannerconnect.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bannerhost.egamingonline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bannerimages.0catch.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bannerpower.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banners.adgoto.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banners.adultfriendfinder.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banners.affiliatefuel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banners.affiliatefuture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banners.aftrk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banners.blogads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banners.bol.se	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banners.celebritybling.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banners.img.uol.com.br	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banners.ims.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banners.iop.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banners.ipotd.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banners.ksl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banners.linkbuddies.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banners.nbcupromotes.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banners.nextcard.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banners.passion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banners.pennyweb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banners.resultonline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banners.sextracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banners.tribute.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banners.unibet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banners.valuead.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banners.videosecrets.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banners.webmasterplan.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banners.wunderground.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banners.zbs.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banners3.spacash.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bannersurvey.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bannerus1.axelsfun.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bannerus3.axelsfun.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banniere.reussissonsensemble.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bans.bride.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
banstex.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bansys.onzin.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bar.baidu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
barnesandnoble.bfast.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
baskidunyasi.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bb.crwdcntrl.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bbcdn.delivery.reklamz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bbcdn.go.eu.bbelements.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bbcdn.go.pl.bbelements.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bbelements.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bbnaut.bbelements.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bcp.crwdcntrl.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bdnad1.bangornews.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bdv.bidvertiser.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
be.ads.justpremium.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
beacon-3.newrelic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
beaconin2.notinote.me	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
beap.gemini.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bell.adcentriconline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
benimreklam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bespokeshirtsmail.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
best2017games.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
best2019-games-web1.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
best2020-games-web1.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bestadbid.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bestaryua.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bestmmo2018.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bestorican.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bestwatersystems.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bet-at-home.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
beta.hotkeys.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
betclic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bfast.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bgrel.bonedmilfs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bicoinsprofit.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bid.contextweb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bid.openx.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bid.underdog.media	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bidclix.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bidsystem.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bidtraffic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bidvertiser.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bigads.guj.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bigbrandpromotions.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bigbrandrewards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bigfreelotto.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
biggestgiftrewards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bill.agent.56.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bill.agent.v-56.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
billing.speedboink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bimg.abv.bg	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bitburg.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bitburg.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bitcast-d.bitgravity.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bitcoadz.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bitmedia.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bitonclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bitraffic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
biz-offer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
biz5.sandai.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bizad.nikkeibp.co.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bizalmas.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bizographics.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bizony.eu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bl.wavecdn.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
blackbass.mx	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
blackqpid.org.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
blockchaintop.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
blog.addthis.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
blog.br0vvnn.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
blogads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
blogvertising.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bloodsugarberry.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bloodsugrs.shop	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
blu.mobileads.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
blueconic.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bluediamondoffers.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
blueeyesintelligence.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bm.alimama.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bmgiventures.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bmvip.alimama.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bn.bfast.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bnmgr.adinjector.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bnrs.ilm.ee	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bodelen.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
boksy.dir.onet.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
boksy.onet.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bongacams.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bookpdf.services	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bootsstation-reiherhals.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
boroskola.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
boskrut.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bosmafamily.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
box-en.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bp.adkmob.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bp.specificclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
br.adserver.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
br.naked.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
braccom.ch	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
brandsurveypanel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
brandveiligheidsexperts.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bravo.israelinfo.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bravospots.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
breakthroughtrend.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
brekus.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
broadcast.piximedia.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
brokertraffic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
browser-tools.systems	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
browsergames2018.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
browsergames2019.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
browserprotecter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
browsesentinel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
brxfinance.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bs.serving-sys.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bs.url.tw	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bsnj.eyeblaster.akadns.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
btbuyerapp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
budapest1873.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buf.lemonde.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bufetgarrigosa.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bumerangshowsites.hurriyet.com.tr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bundasnovinhas.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buresova-obrazy.wz.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
burns.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
burns.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bus-offer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buttcandy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buttons.googlesyndication.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buzzadnetwork.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buzzonclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bwp.lastfm.com.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.actiondesk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.ad6media.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.adexchangemachine.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.admob.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.adroll.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.adsco.re	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.amazon-adsystem.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.anytrx.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.ar.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.at.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.be.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.bebi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.br.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.ca.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.casalemedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.cl.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.codeonclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.company-target.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.de.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.dk.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.dynad.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.eblastengine.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.es.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.fi.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.fr.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.gr.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.hk.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.id.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.ie.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.il.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.imedia.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.in.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.it.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.jp.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.l.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.latam.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.lomadee.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.media-dl.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.mgid.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.my.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.nl.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.no.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.novostimira.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.ph.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.prodigy.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.pt.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.ru.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.se.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.seznam.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.sg.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.silvinst.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.th.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.tr.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.tw.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.uk.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.za.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c0011.boursorama.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c1.adform.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c1.cembuyukhanli.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c1.popads.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c1.somalisounds.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c1.teaser-goods.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c1.zedo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c11370896.c.youradexchange.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c2.cembuyukhanli.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c2.l.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c2.popads.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c2.somalisounds.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c2.taboola.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c2.zedo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c2366475.c.youradexchange.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c3.cembuyukhanli.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c3.somalisounds.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c3.zedo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c35000246.c.youradexchange.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c4.cembuyukhanli.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c4.maxserving.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c4.somalisounds.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c4.zedo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c4tracking01.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c5.cembuyukhanli.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c5.somalisounds.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c5.zedo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c6.cembuyukhanli.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c6.somalisounds.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c6.zedo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c7.cembuyukhanli.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c7.somalisounds.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c7.zedo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c8.zedo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ca.adserver.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ca3.revieworbit.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ca4.revieworbit.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cabrerapelaez.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cache-dev.addthis.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cache.addthis.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cache.addthiscdn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cache.adm.cnzz.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cache.betweendigital.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cache.unicast.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cacheserve.eurogrand.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cadsans.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cam2cam.xlovecam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
camgeil.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
campaigns.f2.com.au	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
canadaalltax.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
canuckmethod.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
canva2023.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
capath.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
carambo.la	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cardgamespidersolitaire.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cards.virtuagirlhd.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
careersincorrectquickie.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
carmuffler.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
carnegienet.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cas.clickability.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cas.criteo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
casalemedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cashback.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cashbackwow.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cashflowmarketing.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cashreportz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
casino770.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
caslemedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
casting.openv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cb.alimama.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cb.baidu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cbango.com.ar	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cbanners.virtuagirlhd.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cc-dt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ccb.myzen.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ccpmo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cctv.adsunion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdbs.com.tr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdddfia.hornylocals24.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.8digits.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.acloudvideos.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.ad.citynews.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.ad.plus	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.adikteev.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.adk2.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.adnxs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.adplxmd.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.adservingsolutionsinc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.adskeeper.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.adsrvmedia.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.adtrue.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.altitudeplatform.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.amgdgt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.assets.craveonline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.atlassbx.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.augur.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.axphotoalbum.top	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.ayads.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.banners.scubl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.betgorebysson.club	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.braun634.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.carbonads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.constafun.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.cpmstar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.directrev.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.epommarket.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.freefaits.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.freefarcy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.freehonor.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.freejars.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.freejax.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.freelac.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.getsmartcontent.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.hauleddes.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.innovid.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.inskinad.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.mediative.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.mobicow.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.nativery.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.nearbyad.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.nsimg.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.onescreen.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.onthe.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.owebanalytics.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.sagent.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.stat-rock.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.stickyadstv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.syn.verticalacuity.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.taboola.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.trafficstars.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.udmserve.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.undertone.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.usabilitytracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.viglink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.wg.uproxx.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.wwwpromoter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.yottos.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.zeusclicks.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn1.ad-center.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn1.adexprt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn1.ads.contentabc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn1.rmgserving.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn1.smartadserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn1.traffichaus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn1sitescout.edgesuite.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn2.ad-center.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn2.adsdk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn2.emediate.eu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn3.adexprts.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn5.tribalfusion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn6.emediate.eu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdnads.cam4.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdnaws.mobidea.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdns.mydirtyhobby.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cds.adecn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cds.taboola.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ce.lijit.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cecash.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ced.sascdn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cekornapred.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cellphoneincentives.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cent.adbureau.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
center-message-mobile.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
certifiedwinners.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cetelemportugal2.solution.weborama.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cf.kampyle.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cfg.adsmogo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cfg.datafastguru.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cgirm.greatfallstribune.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cgmt.co.id	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
chaintopdom.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
channelvue.com.au	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
charging-technology.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
charmflirt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
charmstroy.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
chartbeat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
chatgpt-premium.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
chechla.cnixon.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cherryhi.app.ur.gcion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
chip.popmarker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
choicedealz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
choicesurveypanel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
christianbusinessadvertising.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cicero-mit.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cileni.seznam.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cinelario.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
citlink.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
citrio.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
citrix.market2lead.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cityads.telus.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
citycash2.blogspot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
civilhir.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cjhq.baidu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ck.juicyads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
claimfreerewards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
classicjack.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clausing-advies.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clb.bazzacco.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cleaningformac.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clearonclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clevernt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clhctrk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
click.a-ads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
click.adpile.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
click.go2net.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
click.maaxmarket.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
click.newviralmobistore.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
click.runcpa.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clickad.eo.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clickbangpop.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clickcdn.shareaholic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clickit.go2net.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clickmedia.ro	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clicks.adultplex.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clicks.deskbabes.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clicks.hurriyet.com.tr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clicks.minimob.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clicks.roularta.adhese.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clicks.totemcash.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clicks.toteme.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clicks.virtuagirl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clicks.virtuagirlhd.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clicks.virtuaguyhd.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clicks.walla.co.il	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clicks2.virtuagirl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clickserv.sitescout.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clickserve.cc-dt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clickserve.eu.dartsearch.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clickserve.uk.dartsearch.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clickserve.us2.dartsearch.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clicksor.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clicksotrk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clickthru.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clickthruserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clickthrutraffic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clients-share.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clk.addmt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clk.atdmt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clk.tradedoubler.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clkads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clktrk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clkuk.tradedoubler.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cloudadservers.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cloudcrown.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cloudserver098095.home.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clubwinnerz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cluster.adultadworld.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cluster3.adultadworld.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cmads.sv.publicus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cmads.us.publicus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cmn1lsm2.beliefnet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cmps.mt50ad.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cmweb.ilike.alibaba.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cn.adserver.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cnf.adshuffle.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cnt.trafficstars.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cnt1.xhamster.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cntmc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cobalten.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
code.adtlgc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
code.vihub.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
code2.adtlgc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
codevexillium.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
coin-ad.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
coinad.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
coinhits.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
coinurl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
coinverti.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
coinzilla.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
col-med.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
col.mobileads.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
colddry.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
collegiogeometri.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
com.htmlwww.youfck.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
comcastresidentialservices.tt.omtrdc.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
commerce.www.ibm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
companion.adap.tv	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
computer-offer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
computersncs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
computersoostynaarlo.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
computertechanalysis.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
conexionesymanguerashidrocalidas.com.mx	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
config.getmyip.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
config.seedtag.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
config.sensic.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
config.unityads.unity3d.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
connect.247media.ads.link4ads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
constintptr.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
consulturias.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
consumerinfo.tt.omtrdc.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
contaxe.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
content.aimatch.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
content.clipster.ws	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
content.yieldmanager.edgesuite.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
content.zontera.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
contextad.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
contextual.media.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
contextweb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
conv.adengage.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
conversantmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
conversion-pixel.invitemedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
convlatbmp.taboola.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cookie.pebblemedia.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cookiecontainer.blox.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cookingtiprewards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
coolnovelties.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
coolsavings.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
coquine-dispo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
corba.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
corba.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
corbalanlopez.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
core.adprotected.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
core.insightexpressai.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
core.royalads.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
core.videoegg.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
core.zontera.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
core0.node12.top.mail.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
core2.adtlgc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
coreg.flashtrack.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
coreglead.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
corp-downloads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
corusads.dserv.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cosmeticscentre.uk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
count6.51yes.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cpm20.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cpmadvisors.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cpro.baidu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cpxdeliv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
creatiby1.unicast.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
creative.ad131m.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
creative.adshuffle.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
creatives.livejasmin.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
creatives.rgadvert.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
creditburner.blueadvertise.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
creditperformance.com.br	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
creditsoffer.blogspot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
creview.adbureau.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
crosspixel.demdex.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
crowdgravity.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
crowdignite.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
crsystems.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
crux.songline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
crwdcntrl.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cryptoblog.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cryptocoinsad.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cryptolabpro.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cs-cart.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cs-kn.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cs.adxpansion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
csh.actiondesk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cspix.media6degrees.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
csr.onet.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cstatic.weborama.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
csync.smartadserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ctbdev.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cti.w55c.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ctnsnet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ctxtad.tribalfusion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cue4you.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cukierniatylczynscy.lh.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cumc-hmb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cuntwars.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cyberfaery.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cyberprotection.pro	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cz.bbelements.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cz8.clickzs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
czilladx.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
d-road.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
d.101m3.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
d.adroll.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
d.adup-tech.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
d.adxcore.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
d.agkn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
d.cntv.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
d.company-target.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
d.getaccss.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
d.sspcash.adxcore.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
d1.zedo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
d10.zedo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
d11.zedo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
d12.zedo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
d14.zedo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
d2.sina.com.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
d2.zedo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
d3.sina.com.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
d3.zedo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
d3v3bqdndm4erx.cloudfront.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
d4.zedo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
d4q8zgf756.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
d5.zedo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
d5p.de17a.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
d6.c5.b0.a2.top.mail.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
d6.zedo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
d7.zedo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
d8.zedo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
d9.zedo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
da.oipzyrzffum.ovh	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
darakht.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
daretodreamfarm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
darmowe-liczniki.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
darmowe-zakupy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dart.chron.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dashbo15myapp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dashboard.adcalls.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dashboardnew.adcalls.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dashgreen.online	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dashingleather.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
data-failover.eroadvertising.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
data.ad-score.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
data.eroadvertising.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
data.flurry.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
data.namesakeoscilloscopemarquis.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
data.netscope.marktest.pt	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
data0.bell.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dataidea.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
date.and-have.fun	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
date.ventivmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
datedate.today	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
datingadvertising.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dawnnationaladvertiser.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
db4.net-filter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dbbsrv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dcads.sina.com.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dctracking.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
de.ads.justpremium.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
de.adserver.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
deal-courrier.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
decide.mixpanel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
decor8.ie	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
decouvre.la	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
deechtebol.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
defpush.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
del1.phillyburbs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
delb.mspaceads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
delivery.adnuntius.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
delivery.adyea.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
delivery.clickonometrics.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
delivery.myswitchads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
delivery.reklamz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
delivery.swid.switchads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
delivery.trafficjunky.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
delivery.us.myswitchads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
deloton.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
demetnagement.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
demo1.lerian-nti.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
demr.mspaceads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
demr.opt.fimserve.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
denetsuk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dentistsinyourarea.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
depo.realist.gen.tr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
derangedadage91wis.files.wordpress.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dereferer.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
derkeiler.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
derstandard.nuggad.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
desb.mspaceads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
designbloxlive.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
desk.mspaceads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
desk.opt.fimserve.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dev.adforum.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dev.sfbg.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dev.visualwebsiteoptimizer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
devart.adbureau.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dg.specificclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dgm2.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dgmaustralia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
diaita.ch	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
diamond-water.hk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
diesilberamis.meeriwelt.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
diff1.smartadserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
diff2.smartadserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
diff3.smartadserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
diff4.smartadserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
digitaldsp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dinsalgsvagt.adservinginternational.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
direct-space.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
directleads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
directoffers.go2cloud.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dirtyrhino.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
discoverdemo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
discoverecommerce.tt.omtrdc.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
disqusads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dist.belnk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
divx.adbureau.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dizzcloud.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
djbanners.deadjournal.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
djugoogs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dk.adserver.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dl.payforme.top	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dl.privatecollection.top	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dlvr.readserver.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dmatica.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dmp.vihub.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dmxleo.dailymotion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dnps.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dobbenetes.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
docs-downloading.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
doctorschoicenursing.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
doesok.top	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dolohen.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dondolino.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dorianbaroque.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dosugcz.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dot.wp.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
download-shares.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
download.filmfanatic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
download.inboxace.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
download.weatherblink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
download.yesmessenger.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
download5s.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
downloadcdn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
downloadplayer.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
downloads.larivieracasino.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
downloads.mytvandmovies.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dp1.33across.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dqs001.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dqs001.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dr.soso.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dra.amazon-adsystem.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
draco-artgallery.wz.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
drecentreshu.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
drivingschoolburlington.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
drm-google-analtyic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
drm-server-booking.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
drm-server13-login-microsoftonline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dropbox-download-eu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dropbox-download.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dropbox-en.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dropbox-er.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dropbox-eu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dropbox-sdn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
drowle.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ds.contextweb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ds.onet.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ds.serving-sys.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dt.adsafeprotected.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dub.mobileads.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dy.admerize.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dylanwong.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dynip.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dysoool.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e.baidu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e.company-target.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e.email.simon.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e.serverbid.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e0.extreme-dm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e1.addthis.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e1.wetterkameras.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e2.cdn.qnsr.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e2.wetterkameras.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e3.wetterkameras.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e4.wetterkameras.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e5.wetterkameras.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e6.wetterkameras.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e7.wetterkameras.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
earnlivingonline.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eas4.emediate.eu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
easyadservice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
easypills.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eatondesigns.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eb.adbureau.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ebayadvertising.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ebayadvertising.triadretail.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ebiads.ebiuniverse.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eblastengine.upickem.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eclkmpbn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eclkmpsa.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eclkspbn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ecoencomputer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ecomadserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ecs1.engageya.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
edchargina.pro	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eddy.noneto.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
edge.bnmla.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
edge.quantserve.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
edgecast-vod.yimg.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
edirect.hotkeys.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
edog2017.karyamedia.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eduardorodrigues.adv.br	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eduthermas.sk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
egeszsegespont.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
egyazegyben.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
egyenesen.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
egyveleg.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eiv.baidu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ej.progresas.lt	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
elzaservis.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
emea-bidder.mathtag.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
emeraldtiger.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
emily.tncrun.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
emisja.adsearch.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
emisja.contentstream.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
en.btcprofit.we-trck.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
engage.everyone.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
engageya.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
engine.4chan-ads.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
engine.adbooth.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
engine.adzerk.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
engine.carbonads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
engine.espace.netavenir.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
engine.phn.doublepimp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
engine.spotscenered.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
engine2.adzerk.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
entertainment-specials.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
entrenador-personal.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
epomads2.4shared.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eren.ecoencomputer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
erie.smartage.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ero-advertising.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
erp.garan.pro	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
errorfixing.space	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ertopcu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
es.adserver.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
escape.insites.eu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
esd-secure.taboola.com.edgekey.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
esoterik-lenormand.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
etahub.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
etrk.asus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
etype.adbureau.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eu-global-online.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eu-global.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eu-gmtdmp.gd1.mookie1.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eu-pn4.adserver.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eu.track.digitaladsystems.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eu2.madsone.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
euniverseads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
europe.adserver.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
euw.adserver.snapads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
events.kiosked.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
events.streamrail.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eventtracker.videostrip.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
evroteplo.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
exchange.scalemonk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
exclusivegiftcards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
exipure.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
exponential.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ext.royalcactus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eyewonder.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ezl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eztnezdmeg.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
f.qstatic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
f1.p0y.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
f11098.privacy4browsers.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
f2.p0y.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
f3.p0y.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
f4.p0y.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fabryka-nagrod.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
facebook-drm-server3.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fachadasalaire.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fadadosexo.com.br	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fadskis.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fajnefanty.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
falcon1.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
falkag.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
famwillems.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fangirlmag.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
farm.plista.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fastfixing.tech	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fastpopunder.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fasts-downloads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fatcatrewards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fbd.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fc.webmasterpro.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fcg.casino770.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fdimages.fairfax.com.au	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fe.lea.lycos.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fedup.tv	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
feed.4wnet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
feeds.videosz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
feeds.weselltraffic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fei.pro-market.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fejezet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
felix.data.tm-awx.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fepete.ch	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fervortracer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ffxitrack.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
figyelo-net.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
filateliadimauro.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
file-shares.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
file.ipinyou.com.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fileshare-storage.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
filipelucio.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
filmes-hd.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
filmfanatic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
filmhir.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fin.adbureau.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fin.tips	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
finance-offer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
finder.cox.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
findsexguide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
firrectly.top	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
firstgame.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fixbonus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fixxermorsel.za.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
flbox.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fliplens.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
floatingads.madisonavenue.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
floratelecom.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
floridat.app.ur.gcion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
flower.bg	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fls-na.amazon-adsystem.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
flu23.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fm3cafe.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fmads.osdn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
focusin.ads.targetnet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fodder.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fodder.tc.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fogjunkossze.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
folloyu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fontostudni.club	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
food-offer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
forsi.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fotoseiten.heimat.eu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fp.uclo.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fr-go.kelkoogroup.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fr.a2dfp.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fr.adserver.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fr.classic.clickintext.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fra1-ib.adnxs-simple.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fra1-ib.adnxs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
franko.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
free.thesocialsexnetwork.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
freebiegb.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
freecamerasource.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
freecamsexposed.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
freedvddept.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
freefoodsource.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
freefuelcard.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
freefuelcoupon.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
freeipoduk.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
freelaptopreward.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
freenation.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
freeplasmanation.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
freevideodownloadforpc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fromjoytohappiness.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fructa.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ftpadmin.edv-stumpf.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
funtabsafe.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fuuze.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fvaweb.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fw.adsafeprotected.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fw.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fwdservice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
g.adnxs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
g.thinktarget.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
g1-globo.com-b4.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
g1-globosaude.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
g1.idg.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
g2.gumgum.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
g4p.grt02.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
g7.com.tw	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gadgeteer.pdamart.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gads.pubmatic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gahu.hit.gemius.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gam.adnxs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gamerz123.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
games.superappbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gamesrotator.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gaming-box.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gar-tech.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
garant.bos.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
garciaestelles.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gasurvey.gemius.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gate.hyperpaysys.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gazeta.hit.gemius.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gbp.ebayadvertising.triadretail.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcads.osdn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcdn.2mdn.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.argusleader.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.argusleader.gcion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.battlecreekenquirer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.burlingtonfreepress.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.centralohio.gcion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.cincinnati.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.citizen-times.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.clarionledger.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.coloradoan.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.courier-journal.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.courierpostonline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.customcoupon.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.dailyrecord.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.delawareonline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.democratandchronicle.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.desmoinesregister.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.dmp.gcion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.dmregister.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.dnj.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.gannettnetwork.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.greatfallstribune.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.greenvilleonline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.greenvilleonline.gcion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.honoluluadvertiser.gcion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.idahostatesman.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.indystar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.injersey.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.jacksonsun.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.lsj.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.montgomeryadvertiser.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.muskogeephoenix.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.news-press.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.newsleader.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.press-citizen.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.pressconnects.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.rgj.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.sctimes.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.stargazette.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.statesmanjournal.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.tallahassee.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.tennessean.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.thedailyjournal.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.theolympian.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm.thespectrum.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gcirm2.indystar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gdeee.hit.gemius.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gdelt.hit.gemius.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gdelv.hit.gemius.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gdyn.cnngo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gem.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gemius.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
geniusdisplay.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
geo.moatads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
geoads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
geoads.osdn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
geoloc11.geovisite.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
geolocation-db.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
geoweb.e-kolay.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
get-downloads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
get-express-vpn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
get.optad360.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
get.x-link.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
getagiftonline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
getlink-service.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
getlink.pw	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
getmyads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
getmyads24.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
getmyfreegiftcard.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
getrelator.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
getrunkhomuto.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
getrxhere.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
getspecialgifts.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
getyour5kcredits0.blogspot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
getyourgiftnow2.blogspot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
getyourgiftnow3.blogspot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gezinti.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ghmtr.hit.gemius.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
giftcardchallenge.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
giftcardsurveys.us.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
giles.uk.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gimg.baidu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gingert.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
global.adserver.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
global.ymtrack.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
globalwebads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gm.mmstat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gmads.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
go.admulti.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
go.bb007.bbelements.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
go.cz.bbelements.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
go.data1rtb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
go.eu.bbelements.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
go.lfstmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
go.onclasrv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
go.padsdelivery.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
go.padstm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
go.pl.bbelements.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
go.rightdailyfeed.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
go.spaceshipads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
go.stirshakead.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
go.verymuchad.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
go2.hit.gemius.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
go2page.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
goautofinance.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gocarosel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
goldbach.hit.gemius.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
goodbookbook.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
googledrive-en.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
goplayz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
got2goshop.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
goto.trafficmultiplier.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gozing.directtrack.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
grabbit-rabbit.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
graizoah.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
grandeweddings.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
graphics.adultfriendfinder.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
graphics.pop6.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gravitron.chron.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
greasypalm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gremimedia.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
grfx.mp3.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
groupm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
grtexch.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gserv.cneteu.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gspro.hit.gemius.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
guiaconsumidor.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
guide2poker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
guildofangels.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gwallet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
h-adashx.ut.taobao.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
h-adashx4ae.ut.taobao.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
h-afnetwww.adshuffle.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
h.ppjol.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
h1.helenrosi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
h2.helenrosi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
h3.helenrosi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
h4.helenrosi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
h5.helenrosi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
h6.helenrosi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
h7.helenrosi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hamiltonpainters.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hapax.qc.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
harvest.adgardener.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
harvest176.adgardener.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
harvest284.adgardener.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
harvest285.adgardener.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
haslundalsted.dk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hathor.eztonez.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hatter-story.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
haynet.adbureau.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hb.mediafuse.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hbads.eboz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hbadz.eboz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hdporium.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
healthbeautyncs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
healthfood.syoutikubai.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hebdotop.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
help.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
help.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
helpint.mywebsearch.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
heroesofrpg.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
heti-naplo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hg8dc7bm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hgusler.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hhcj.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hhvdds.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hieroglyph.freeuk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hightrafficads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hilltopads.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
himediads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hipersushiads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hir-tv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hir44.blogspot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hirado.top	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hirek-online.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hirfolyam24.blogspot.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hirmadar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hirorigo.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hirozon.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hirszabadsag.blogspot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hirtop.in	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hirturi.blogspot.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hirvilag.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hirzona24.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
histats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
histock.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hit.8digits.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hit4.hotlog.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hk.adserver.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hlcc.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hlok.qertewrt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hm.baidu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hm.l.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hmw42.host-my-website.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hnfwg.voluumtrk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
home.foni.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
home.gelsennet.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
home.townisp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
honolulu.app.ur.gcion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hooqy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
host207.ewtn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
host81-138-7-108.in-addr.btopenworld.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hosting.adjug.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hot.useractive.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hotchatdate.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hotgiftzone.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hp1.tcbnet.ne.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hpad.www.infoseek.co.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hrnecek.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ht-srl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
html.centralmediaserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
htmlwww.youfck.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
httpads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
httpring.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
httpwwwadserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hub.com.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
huis.istats.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
huiwiw.hit.gemius.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hungaryexpres.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hungfei.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
huntingtonbank.tt.omtrdc.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hurricaneprotection.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hyperion.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hyperion.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hz.mmstat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
i-sharecloud.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
i.adwise.bg	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
i.blogads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
i.casalemedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
i.hotkeys.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
i.imedia.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
i.interia.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
i.libertystmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
i.media.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
i.seznam.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
i.simpli.fi	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
i.total-media.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
i.trkjmp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
i.w.inmobi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
i1.ictorganisers.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
i1.teaser-goods.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
i1.vaishnaviinterior.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
i2.ictorganisers.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
i2.vaishnaviinterior.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
i3.ictorganisers.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
i3.vaishnaviinterior.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
i4.ictorganisers.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
i4.vaishnaviinterior.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
i4track.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
i5.ictorganisers.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
i5.vaishnaviinterior.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
i6.ictorganisers.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
i6.vaishnaviinterior.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
i7.ictorganisers.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
i7.vaishnaviinterior.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
iacas.adbureau.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
iad.anm.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ialaddin.genieesspv.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ib.adnxs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ibis.lgappstv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
iceman30.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
iceonecasino.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
icmserver.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
id11938.luxup.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
id3103.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
id5576.al21.luxup.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
idearc.tt.omtrdc.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
idpix.media6degrees.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ieee.adbureau.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
if.bbanner.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
igrs.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ih.adscale.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ih2.gamecopyworld.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
iijls.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ilinks.industrybrains.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ilovemobi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
im.52441.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
im.adtech.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
im.banner.t-online.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
im.of.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
im.xo.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imads.integral-marketing.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
image.click.livedoor.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
image.i1img.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
image.linkexchange.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
image2.pubmatic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
images-cdn.azoogleads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
images.ads.fairfax.com.au	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
images.bluetime.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
images.clickfinders.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
images.conduit-banners.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
images.cybereps.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
images.directtrack.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
images.jambocast.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
images.linkwithin.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
images.mbuyu.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
images.mediago.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
images.netcomvad.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
images.outbrain.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
images.outbrainimg.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
images.people2people.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
images.persgroepadvertising.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
images.sexlist.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
images.sohu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
images.steamray.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
images.taboola.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
images.trafficmp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
images3.linkwithin.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imageserv.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imageserv.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imagesrv.adition.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imarker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imarker.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imc.l.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
img-a2.ak.imagevz.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
img.3lift.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
img.alibaba.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
img.awr.im	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
img.blogads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
img.directtrack.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
img.img-taboola.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
img.layer-ads.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
img.liczniki.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
img.marketgid.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
img.sn00.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
img.xnxx.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
img2.ru.redtram.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imgg-cdn.adskeeper.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imgg-cdn.steepto.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imgg.dt00.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imgg.marketgid.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imgg.mgid.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imgn.dt00.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imgn.dt07.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imgn.marketgid.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imgserv.adbutler.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imp.admarketplace.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imp.adsmogo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
impbe.tradedoubler.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
impl.onscroll.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
import.globalsources.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
import43.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imppl.tradedoubler.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imprlatbmp.taboola.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imrk.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imserv001.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imserv001.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imserv002.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imserv002.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imserv003.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imserv003.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imserv004.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imserv004.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imserv005.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imserv005.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imserv006.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imserv006.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imserv00x.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imserv00x.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imssl01.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imssl01.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
in.adserver.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
in.getclicky.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
incentivegateway.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
inclk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
indexhu.adocean.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
indisancal.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
indyscribe.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
infinite-ads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
informacja-dnia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
injuredworkersadvocates.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
inklineglobal.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
inkoleasing.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
inl.adbureau.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
inlinefascia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
inpagepush.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
input.insights.gravity.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
insight.adsrvr.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
insightexpressai.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
insightxe.pittsburghlive.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
insightxe.vtsgonline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
integer-ms-home.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
intela.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
intelliads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
intensedigital.adk2x.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
interia.adsearch.adkontekst.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
internet.billboard.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
internewsweb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
intertech.co.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
interyield.td573.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
intrack.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
inv-nets.admixer.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
investbooking.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
invitefashion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ipacc1.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ipacc1.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ipdata.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ipdata.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ipm-provider.ff.avast.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
iq001.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
iq001.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
iqoption.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ir-de.amazon-adsystem.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ir-na.amazon-adsystem.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ir2.beap.gemini.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
isg01.casalemedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ishinomakicatering.web.fc2.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ismailersoz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
istockbargains.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
it.adserver.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
itempana.site	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
itnuzleafan.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
itrackerpro.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
itsfree123.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
iwbubcs.v01aelux.space	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
izmsj.co.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
j.adlooxtracking.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
j1.jinghuaqitb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
j1.jmooreassoc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
j2.jinghuaqitb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
j2.jmooreassoc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
j3.jinghuaqitb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
j3.jmooreassoc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
j4.jinghuaqitb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
j4.jmooreassoc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
j5.jinghuaqitb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
j5.jmooreassoc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
j6.jinghuaqitb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
j6.jmooreassoc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
j7.jinghuaqitb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
j7.jmooreassoc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jadserve.postrelease.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jambocast.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jav.ee	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jb9clfifs6.s.ad6media.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jcarter.spinbox.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jcrew.tt.omtrdc.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jenno.adsb4all.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jerry.proweb.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jesamcorp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jf71qh5v14.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jh.revolvermaps.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jingjia.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jivox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jkcontrols.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jl-mag.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jlcarral.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jlijten.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jlinks.industrybrains.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jmn.jangonetwork.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jmvisuals.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
join.pro-gaming-world.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
join1.winhundred.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jp-microsoft-store.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jrfa.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jrsa.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
js-sec.indexww.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
js.ad-score.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
js.adlink.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
js.adscale.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
js.adserverpub.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
js.adsonar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
js.adspro.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
js.adsrvr.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
js.betburdaaffiliates.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
js.bizographics.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
js.goods.redtram.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
js.himediads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
js.hotkeys.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
js.hs-scripts.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
js.hscollectedforms.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
js.hsleadflows.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
js.moatads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
js.ru.redtram.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
js.smi2.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
js.softreklam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
js.srcsmrtgs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
js.tongji.linezing.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
js.zevents.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
js1.bloggerads.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jsc.adskeeper.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jsc.dt07.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jsc.mgid.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jsfactory.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jsn.dt07.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
juggler.inetinteractive.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
justdating.online	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
justdeckshamilton.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
justwebads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jxliu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jzclick.soso.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
k1.karbilyazilim.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
k1.mobileadsserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
k2.karbilyazilim.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
k3.karbilyazilim.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
k3vzn.flx10.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
k4.karbilyazilim.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
k5.karbilyazilim.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
k5ads.osdn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
k6.karbilyazilim.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
k7.karbilyazilim.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kaartenhuis.nl.site-id.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kaharmonie.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kanzlei-borchers.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kaprazatos.club	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
karat.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
karinart.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kasumikarate.hanagasumi.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
katch.ne.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
katcol.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
katofer.axelero.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
katu.adbureau.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kawabe.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kawarayu.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kbd1.kpns.ijinshan.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kdconstructionusa.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
keepyoungphone.bid	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kelder.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kergaukr.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
keys.dmtracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
keywordblocks.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
keywords.adtlgc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kh1.kimhasa.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kh2.kimhasa.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kh3.kimhasa.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kh4.kimhasa.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kh5.kimhasa.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kh6.kimhasa.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kh7.kimhasa.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kilomniadst.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kiosked-d.openx.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kitaramarketplace.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kitaramedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kithrup.matchlogic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kixer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
klikasz-i-masz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
klikk.linkpulse.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kliks.affiliate4you.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kliksaya.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
klipmart.forbes.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
knc.lv	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kodu.neti.ee	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
konax.kontera.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kontera.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kos.interseek.si	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
koszykrd.wp.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kozszolgalat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
krakenfolio.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
krasnaya.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kreaffiliation.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kromtech.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kropka.onet.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ksi2trk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ktrackdata.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kuhdi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kvision.tv	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
l-sspcash.adxcore.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
l.admob.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
l.linkpulse.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
l.ohmyad.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
l.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
l.yieldmanager.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
l2.l.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
labas-hl.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
labashl.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
laborex.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ladyclicks.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
laltraimmagine.ss.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lamiflor.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
land.purifier.cc	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lanzar.publicidadweb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lap-click.tr.line.me	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
laptopreportcard.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
laptoprewards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
laptoprewardsgroup.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
laptoprewardszone.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
larivieracasino.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
larossola.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lastmeasure.zoy.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
latticescience.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
latticescipub.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
launch.adserver.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
layer-ads.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ldglob01.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ldglob01.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ldglob02.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ldglob02.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ldimage01.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ldimage01.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ldimage02.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ldimage02.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ldserv01.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ldserv01.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ldserv02.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ldserv02.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
le1er.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lead-analytics.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lead.program3.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
leader.linkexchange.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
leadsynaptic.go2jump.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ledobbensz.blogspot.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
leftoverdense.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
legfrissebb.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
legjava.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
legjava.pro	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
leklicht.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lesrivesdechambesy.ch	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
letmefind.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
letsfinder.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
letssearch.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
levexis.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lewell.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lftqch650apz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lg.brandreachsys.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
libdgel.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
liberty.gedads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
liczniki.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lie2anyone.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
liivecams.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
limonecomunicacao.com.br	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lincolnshirefitness.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
link2me.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
link4ads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
link4win.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
linkit.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
linknotification.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
linktracker.angelfire.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
linuxpark.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
linuxpark.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
liquidad.narrowcastmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
live-cams-1.livejasmin.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
live-en.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
live-msr.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ll.atdmt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lmadvertising.engine.adglare.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lmqh.ecoencomputer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lnads.osdn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
load.exelator.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
load.focalex.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
load.sumome.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
loadesecoparc.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
loading321.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
loadm.exelator.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
loboclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
local-download.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
locp-ir.viber.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
log.olark.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
log.outbrain.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
log.tagcade.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
logger.virgul.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
login.linkpulse.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
logs.spilgames.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
long-space.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
look.djfiln.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
look.ichlnk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
look.kfiopkln.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
look.opskln.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
look.udncoeln.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
look.ufinkln.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
look.utndln.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
louisvil.app.ur.gcion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
louisvil.ur.gcion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lovedonesproducts.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lovittco.com.au	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lp.empire.goodgamestudios.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lp.sexyadults.eu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lp4.onlinecasinoreports.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lpa.myzen.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lpg02.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ls.hit.gemius.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lsassoc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lt.andomedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lt.angelfire.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ltk.pw	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lucker.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lucky-day-uk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
luxup.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lydownload.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
m.adbridge.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
m.addthis.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
m.addthisedge.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
m.admob.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
m.fexiaen.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
m.friendlyduck.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
m.openv.tv	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
m.pl.pornzone.tv	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
m.quantcount.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
m.servedby-buysellads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
m.tidebuy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
m.tribalfusion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
m1.nsimg.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
m2.media-box.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
m2.nsimg.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
m4.media-box.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ma-kaeser.ch	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ma-plastifieuse.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ma.wp.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
maaxmarket.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mac.system-alert1.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
macads.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
macatawa.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
macaxpower.com.br	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
maccleanersecurity.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
macdamaged.tech	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mackeeperapp.mackeeper.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mackeeperapp1.zeobit.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mackeeperapp2.mackeeper.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mackeeperapp3.mackeeper.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
macleaner.space	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
macpurifier.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mad2.brandreachsys.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
madadsmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
madeleinekrook.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mads.amazon-adsystem.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mads.dailymail.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
magyarkozosseg.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
magyarnep.me	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
magyarokvagyunk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mail.radar.imgsmail.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
main-boost.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
main.exoclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
main.vodonet.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
makeitworkfaster.life	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
makemoneyrobot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mama.pipi.ne.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
manage001.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
manage001.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mangler3.generals.ea.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mangler4.generals.ea.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
manuel.theonion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
margaretanddavid.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
marketgid.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
marketing.888.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
marketing.hearstmagazines.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
marriottinternationa.tt.omtrdc.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
martinsmith.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mashinkhabar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
match.ads.betweendigital.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
match.adsrvr.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
match.taboola.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
matomy.adk2.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
maxads.ruralpress.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
maxadserver.corusradionetwork.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
maxbounty.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
maxmusics.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
maxonclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
maxserving.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mb01.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mbox9.offermatica.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mc.webvisor.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mc.yandex.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mccafee-orientador.com-br.site	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mcfg.sandai.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mcsgrp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mdunker.gmxhome.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mechtech.za.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
medhiartis.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media-angel.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media-fire.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media.888.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media.adcentriconline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media.adrcdn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media.adrevolver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media.adrime.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media.b.lead.program3.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media.betburdaaffiliates.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media.bonnint.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media.boomads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media.charter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media.contextweb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media.easyads.bg	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media.espace-plus.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media.fairlink.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media.funpic.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media.markethealth.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media.naked.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media.nk-net.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media.ontarionorth.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media.popmarker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media.popuptraffic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media.primalforce.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media.trafficfactory.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media.trafficjunky.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media.ventivmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media.xxxnavy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media1.popmarker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media10.popmarker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media2.adshuffle.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media2.legacy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media2.popmarker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media2.travelzoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media2021.videostrip.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media3.popmarker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media4.popmarker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media4021.videostrip.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media5.popmarker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media5021.videostrip.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media6.popmarker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media6021.videostrip.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media7.popmarker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media8.popmarker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
media9.popmarker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mediacharger.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mediafaze.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
medialand.relax.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mediapst-images.adbureau.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mediapst.adbureau.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mediation.adnxs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mediative.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mediative.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mediavadasz.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mediawhirl.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
medical-offer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
medleyads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
medya.e-kolay.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
megapanel.gem.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
megawealthbiz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
megoszthato.blogspot.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mellowads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
members.chello.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
members.chello.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
members.iinet.net.au	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
members.upc.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
memorableordealstranger.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mercury.bravenet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
messagent.duvalguillaume.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
messardu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
meteon.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
meter-svc.nytimes.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.ikea.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.natmags.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.sfr.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
metrics.target.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mettelindberg.dk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mezmerband.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mg.dt00.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mg.mgid.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mgid.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mh-miyoshi.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mhlnk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mi.adinterax.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
micmusik.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
microsof.wemfbox.ch	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
microsoft-cnd.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
microsoft-debug-098.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
microsoft-home-en.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
microsoft-online-en-us.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
microsoft-ware.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
microwinds.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mightymagoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
milyondolar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
minden-egyben.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mindenegyben.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mindenegybenblog.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mindenegybenblog.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mini.videostrip.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mirror.pointroll.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mizvan.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mjlunalaw.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mjonkers.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mjxads.internet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mk.limonshel.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mklik.gazeta.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ml314.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mlntracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mm.chitika.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mmoframes.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mmofreegames.online	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mob.adwhirl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mobfactory.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mobile-browser.me	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mobile.bet.pt	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mobile.juicyads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mobileads.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mobileanalytics.us-east-1.amazonaws.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mobileleads.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mobrevflwms.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mochibot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
modescrips.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
modlily.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
modlily.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mokavilag.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
monarchy.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
monetate.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
monetizepros.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
moneybot.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
moneyraid.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
monkposseacre.casa	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
moodoo.com.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
moodretrieval.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
morefastermac.trade	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
morefreecamsecrets.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
morenorubio.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
morevisits.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
motd.pinion.gg	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
motorocio.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
motosal.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
moveyourmarket.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
movieads.imgs.sapo.pt	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
movies-box.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
movies-cine.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
movies-cinema.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
movsflix.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
moz.execulink.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mozebyctwoje.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mr4evmd0r1.s.ad6media.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mrazens.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ms-debug-services.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ms-downloading.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ms-home-live.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ms-pipes-service.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ms-shopguide.su	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ms-shopzone.su	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ms.yandex.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
msft-ssp-emea.adnxs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mslinks-downloads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
msn-cdn.effectivemeasure.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
msn.tns-cs.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
msnbe-hp.metriweb.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
msnsearch.srv.girafa.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
msonebox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mt58.mtree.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mttwtrack.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mtvbrazil-services.vimn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mtvnlatservices.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mulato.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
multi.xnxx.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
music.getyesappz1.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
music.myappzcenter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
music611.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
musikzoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mvonline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mwt.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mx.adserver.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
my-rewardsvault.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
my.blueadvertise.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
my.putlocker.to	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
my2.hizliizlefilm.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
myanyone.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
myao.adocean.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
myasiantv.gsspcln.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mybinaryoptionsrobot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mycashback.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mychoicerewards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
myexclusiverewards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
myfreedinner.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
myfreegifts.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
myfreemp3player.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mygiftresource.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mygreatrewards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mymediarecommendations.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mypopups.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
myprivatephotoalbum.top	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mysagagame.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
myseostats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mytimerpro.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
myusersonline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
myyearbookdigital.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
n01d05.cumulus-cloud.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
n1.nskfyl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
n1internet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
n2.nskfyl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
n3.nskfyl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
n339.asp-cc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
n4.nskfyl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
n4p.ru.redtram.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
n5.nskfyl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
n6.nskfyl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
n7.nskfyl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
na.ads.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
najlepszedlaciebie.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nakladatelstvi-brazda.wz.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nanoadexchange.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nanocluster.reklamz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
napimigrans.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
napimigrans.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
napitrend.blogspot.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
napiujsag.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
naplo-extra.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nationalissuepanel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nationalpost.adperfect.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nationalsurveypanel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
native.sharethrough.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
naturahirek.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
naturainmente.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
naxnet.or.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nbads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nbc.adbureau.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nbimg.dt00.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nc.ru.redtram.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nctitds.top	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nctracking.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nearbyad.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
needadvertising.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
neo-kikaku.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
neszmely.eu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
netadclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
netads.hotwired.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
netbulvar.eu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
netcomm.spinbox.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
netextra.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
netshelter.adtrix.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
netsponsors.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
network.realmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
networkad.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
networkads.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
neumanns-installation.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
new.lerian-nti.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
newads.cmpnet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
newadserver.interfree.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
newagevz.homes	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
newclk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
newip427.changeip.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
newjunk4u.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
newmedsdeal.eu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
newms-shop.su	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
news-37876-mshome.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
news-389767-mshome.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
news-finances.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
news-server17-yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
news6health.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
newsprofin.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
newt1.adultadworld.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
newt1.adultworld.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nextlnk2.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nextoptim.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ng.virgul.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ng3.ads.warnerbros.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ngads.smartage.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ngp1.intnotif.club	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nhn.dk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nitrous.exitfuel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nkcache.brandreachsys.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nl.ads.justpremium.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nl.adserver.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nlink.com.br	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
no.adserver.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nofreezingmac.space	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nofreezingmac.work	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nospartenaires.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
notification-browser.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
notify.beap.gemini.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
notifyday.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nottinghamsuburbanrailway.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
novafinanza.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
novem.onet.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nozawashoten.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
npmpecd.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nrkno.linkpulse.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ns-vip2.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ns-vip3.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ns.netnet.or.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ns2.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ns38541.ovh.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nsads.hotwired.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nsads.us.publicus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nsads4.us.publicus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nsclick.baidu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nspmotion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nst.broadcast.pm	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ntskeptics.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nxtscrn.adbureau.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nyittc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nytadvertising.nytimes.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nytva-nmz.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
o0.winfuture.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
o1.qnsr.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
o2.eyereturn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
o3sndvzo25.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oads.cracked.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oamsrhads.us.publicus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oas.dn.se	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oasc02023.247realmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oasc04.247.realmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oasc05.247realmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oasc05050.247realmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oasc16.247realmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oasc18065.247realmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oasis.promon.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oasis.zmh.zope.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oasis.zmh.zope.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oassis.zmh.zope.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
objects.abcvisiteurs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
objects.designbloxlive.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
obs.nnm2.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
obuse-apple.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ocdn.adsterra.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ocslab.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
odb.outbrain.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
odd-onead.cdn.hinet.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
offer.alibaba.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
offer.camp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
offerimage.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
offerreality.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
offers.bycontext.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
offers.impower.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
offers.nordvpn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
offers.royalvegascasino.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
offertrakking.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
offerx.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
office-2023.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
office-2023.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
office2023.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
office365-eu-update.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
office365-us-update.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ohmydating.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oimsgad.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oiseau-perdu.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
okclub.org.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oldftp.otenet.gr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
olioeroli.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
om.elvenar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ometrics.warnerbros.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
onclickads.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
onclickmega.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
onclicksuper.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
onclkds.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ondermaat.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
one-drive-ms.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
onedrive-cdn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
onedrive-download-en.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
onedrive-download.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
onedrive-en-live.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
onedrive-en.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
onedrive-sd.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
onedrive-sn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
onedrive-us-en.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
onet.hit.gemius.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
onlinadverts.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
online-office365.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
online1.webcams.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
onlineads.magicvalley.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
only.best-games.today	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
only2date.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
onmarshtompor.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
onmypc.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oopt.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
openad.travelnow.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
openadext.tf1.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
openads.dimcab.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
openads.friendfinder.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
openads.nightlifemagazine.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
openads.smithmag.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
openads.zeads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
opencandy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
openload.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
opentable.tt.omtrdc.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
openx.adfactor.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
openxxx.viragemedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oplaca-sie.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
opr.adx.opera.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
opsonew3org.sg	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
optimaconsulting.com.au	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
optimize.indieclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
optimized.by.vitalads.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ordie.adbureau.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
organic-harmony.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
organikusok.blogspot.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
origer.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
origin.chron.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
orpheus.cuci.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
osd-onead.cdn.hinet.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
osm-onead.cdn.hinet.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
otakutee.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
otletdivak.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
otpercpiheno.blogspot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
otpercpiheno.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
out.popads.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
outbrain.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
outils.yesmessenger.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
overflow.adsoftware.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
overlay.ringtonematcher.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
overstock.tt.omtrdc.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
owabgxis.wp.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
own-eu-cloud.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ox-d.hbr.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ox-d.hulkshare.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ox-d.hypeads.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ox-d.zenoviagroup.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ox-i.zenoviagroup.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oz.valueclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oz.valueclick.ne.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ozonemedia.adbureau.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
p.ic.tynt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
p.l.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
p.nexac.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
p.profistats.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
p1.preppypm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
p2.l.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
p2.preppypm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
p232207.mybestmv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
p3.preppypm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
p3p.mmstat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
p4.preppypm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
p4psearch.china.alibaba.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
p5.preppypm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
p6.preppypm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
p7.preppypm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
paclitor.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
page.0ffer.eu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pagead2.googlesyndication.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pageplop.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pagesense.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
paid.outbrain.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
paime.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
palyazatfigyelo.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
papageienseite.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
paperg.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
parafiaukta.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
parronnotandone.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
parskabab.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
partner-api.jobbio.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
partner-ts.groupon.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
partner-ts.groupon.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
partner-ts.groupon.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
partner-ts.groupon.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
partner-ts.groupon.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
partner-ts.groupon.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
partner-ts.groupon.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
partner-ts.groupon.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
partner.ah-ha.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
partner.ceneo.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
partner.magna.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
partner.pobieraczek.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
partner.tagscreator.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
partner.wapacz.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
partner.wapster.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
partnerprogramma.bol.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
partners.adklick.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
partners.webmasterplan.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
passeura.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
passivemarcoanyhow.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pathforpoints.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
paulomatosconsultores.com.br	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
paulsnetwork.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
payae8moon9.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
payforme.top	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pb.tynt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pbid.pro-market.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pc-gizmos-ssl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pc-virus-d0l92j2.pw	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pcads.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pcmuzic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pcookie.aliexpress.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
peever.myzen.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pension-pentacon.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
performanceadexchange.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
persgroepadvertising.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
perso.menara.ma	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
petzel.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pg2.solution.weborama.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pg308-zmbra.ads.tremorhub.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ph-ad01.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ph-ad02.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ph-ad03.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ph-ad04.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ph-ad05.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ph-ad06.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ph-ad07.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ph-ad08.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ph-ad09.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ph-ad10.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ph-ad11.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ph-ad12.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ph-ad13.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ph-ad14.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ph-ad15.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ph-ad16.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ph-ad17.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ph-ad18.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ph-ad19.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ph-ad20.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ph-ad21.focalink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ph-cdn.effectivemeasure.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
phcde.top	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
philippschoch.ch	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
phobia.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
phoenixads.co.in	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
phoenixinvestigations.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
phones4you.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
photo-cam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
photobucket.adnxs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
photography-hq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
photos.daily-deals.analoganalytics.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
photos.pop6.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
photos0.pop6.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
photos1.pop6.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
photos2.pop6.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
photos3.pop6.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
photos4.pop6.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
photos5.pop6.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
photos6.pop6.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
photos7.pop6.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
photos8.pop6.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
phox2ey.bid	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
phpads.astalavista.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
phpads.flipcorp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
phpads.foundrymusic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
phpadsnew.wn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
phuphi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pic.casee.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pickytime.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pictures-album.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ping.chartbeat.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pingfore.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pingfore.soso.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pipslab.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pitakchon.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pitbull-marketing.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pix.revsci.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pix01.revsci.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pix521.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pix521.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pix522.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pix522.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pixel-secure.solvemedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pixel.adsafeprotected.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pixel.adssafeprotected.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pixel.everesttech.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pixel.mathtag.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pixel.sitescout.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pixel.watch	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
piz7ohhujogi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pl.ads.justpremium.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pl.bbelements.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pl.betclic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pl.spanel.gem.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pl.web.toleadoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
planearconsultoria.com.br	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
plasmatv4free.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
play.heavymetalmachines.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
play.istlandoll.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
play.leadzupc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
play.traffpartners.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
player.mediafuse.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
playinvaders.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
playlink.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
playnow.guru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
playstream.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
playtime.tubemogul.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pleasewait.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ploaz54.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pm.adsafeprotected.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pm.w55c.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pmelon.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pmstrk.mercadolivre.com.br	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pntm-images.adbureau.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pntm.adbureau.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pocofh.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pohs2oom.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pole.6rooms.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
politicalopinionsurvey.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pollet-rauen.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pomp-buerotechnik.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pool-roularta.adhese.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pool.admedo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pool.distilled.ie	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pool.pebblemedia.adhese.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pop.redirect.adsjudo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pop.revimedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
popadscdn.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
popcash.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
popclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
popec.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
popmyads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
popmycash.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
poponclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
popunder.adsrevenue.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
popunder.loading-delivery1.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
popunder.paypopup.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
popup.softreklam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
popup.taboola.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
popupclick.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
popupdomination.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
popups.afftrack001.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
popups.infostart.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pornstargals.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pos.baidu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
post.rmbn.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
poster.gamesprite.me	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
postmasterdirect.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pp.free.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pp2.pptv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
practeddagek.club	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
praktijkewalts.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
praktijkmariekehuisman.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pratik.com.tr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
prebid.adspro.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
predskolaci.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
preligions.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
premium-offers.space	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
premiumproductsonline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
prestoris.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
prexyone.appspot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
prfctlivs.click	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
primetime.ad.primetime.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
primusbelgium.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
privatecollection.top	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
privitize.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
prizes.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
prjcq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pro.hit.gemius.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pro.letv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
probusinesshub.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
prod-a.applovin.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
productresearchpanel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
producttestpanel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
profile.uproxx.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
profiline-berlin.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
profitboosterapp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
programe.top	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
promo.awempire.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
promo.betcity.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
promo.easy-dating.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
promo.mes-meilleurs-films.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
promo.mobile.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
promo.profxbrokers.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
promo.streaming-illimite.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
promoreclame.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
promoreclame.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
promos.fling.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
promotion.partnercash.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
promotions.sportingbet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
promoviral.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
prospectnews.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protect-your-privacy.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.ASpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.AUpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.AZpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.BTpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.BYpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.CApolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.CCpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.DKpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.ESpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.FRpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.FXpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.GApolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.HKpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.HNpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.ILpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.ITpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.JMpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.KYpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.LApolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.LBpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.LCpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.LIpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.LRpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.LSpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.LVpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.MApolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.MDpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.MEpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.MNpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.NApolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.NCpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.NZpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.PApolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.PGpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.SBpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.TNpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.TOpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.VApolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.VIpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protection.stpolice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
proweb.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
proximityads.flipcorp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
prpops.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ps-us.amazon-adsystem.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ps.eyeota.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ps.popcash.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ps4ux.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
psoabojaksou.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pstatic.datafastguru.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pt-gmtdmp.mookie1.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pt.beststreams.club	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pt.trafficjunky.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pt21na.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pt5.titans-gel.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pteenoum.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ptirgaux.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ptrads.mp3.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pttsite.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pub.sapo.pt	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pub.web.sapo.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pubdirecte.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pubimgs.sapo.pt	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
publiads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
publicidades.redtotalonline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
publicis.adcentriconline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
publisher-config.unityads.unity3d.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
publishers.adscholar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
publishers.bidtraffic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
publishing.kalooga.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pubpress.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pubserver.xl.pt	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pubshop.img.uol.com.br	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
purryowl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
push-ad.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
push-notification.tools	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
push.aarth.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pushagim.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pushno.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pwdplz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pwwysydh.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
px.moatads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
q.azcentral.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
qd.admetricspro.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
qfdn3gyfbs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
qip.magna.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
qqlogo.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
qring-tms.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
qss-client.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
qualifiedourspecialoffer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
quickandeasy.co.za	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
quickbrowsersearch.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
quickfilmz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
quik-serv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
quizzitch.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
qxxru.linknotification.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
r.chitika.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
r.reklama.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
r.turn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
r.turn.com.akadns.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
r1.ritikajoshi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
r1.romeflirt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
r2.adwo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
r2.ritikajoshi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
r2.romeflirt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
r3.ritikajoshi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
r3.romeflirt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
r4.ritikajoshi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
r4.romeflirt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
r5.ritikajoshi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
r5.romeflirt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
r6.ritikajoshi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
r6.romeflirt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
r7.ritikajoshi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
r7.romeflirt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
r7mediar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rad.live.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rad.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rads.stackoverflow.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
railroadtomato.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rassegnavermentino.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
razor.arnes.si	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rc.asci.freenet.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rc.bt.ilsemedia.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rc.hotkeys.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rc.rlcdn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rc.wl.webads.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rcdna.gwallet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rcm-images.amazon.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rcm-it.amazon.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rcm-na.amazon-adsystem.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rd.speakol.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rdsa2012.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
re.directrev.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reactads.cdn.adglare.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
realads.realmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
realgfsbucks.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
realmedia-a800.d4p.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
realmedia.advance.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
realplayz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rebevengwas.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
recommendedforyou.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
record.commissionlounge.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redherring.ngadcenter.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redir.bebi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redir9.alteabz.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redirect.click2net.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redirect.hotkeys.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redirect.xmlheads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
redonetype.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reduxads.valuead.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
regflow.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
regie.espace-plus.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
regio.adlink.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
register.cinematrix.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
register.silverscreen.cc	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reklam.arabul.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reklam.ebiuniverse.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reklam.milliyet.com.tr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reklam.misli.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reklam.mynet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reklam.softreklam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reklama.onet.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reklamagaci.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reklamtrk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reklamy.sfd.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
relestar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
relevantairbornefantastic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
remekcikkek.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rencontreavenue.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reninet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
report02.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
report02.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reporter.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reporter.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reporter001.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reporter001.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reportimage.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reportimage.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reporting.aatkit.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
repostuj.push-ad.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
req.adsmogo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
res-backup.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
res1.applovin.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reselling-corp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
resolvingserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
resources.infolinks.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
restaurantcom.tt.omtrdc.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reverso.refr.adgtw.orangeads.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
revsci.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rewardpoll.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rewardsflow.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reynders.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rf-arch.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rh.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rh.revolvermaps.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rhads.sv.publicus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rich.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
richmedia.yimg.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ridepush.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rimaje.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ringtonepartner.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rivalo.network	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
river-store.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rjr-rs.com.br	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rmbn.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rmcdn.2mdn.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rmcdn.f.2mdn.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rmedia.boston.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rmm1u.checkm8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rmp.rakuten.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
robbiblubber.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
robot.royalcactus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
romepartners.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
roosevelt.gjbig.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rosettastone.tt.omtrdc.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rotumal.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
route31.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
router.adlure.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rovion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rp.hit.gemius.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rpc-php.trafficfactory.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rpc.trafficfactory.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rpgmasterleague.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rpm.newrelisc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rqtrk.eu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rs1.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rs2.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rss.buysellads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rta.dailymail.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtb-lb-event-sjc.tubemogul.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtb.pclick.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtb.tubemogul.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtb1.adscience.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtb10.adscience.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtb11.adscience.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtb12.adscience.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtb13.adscience.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtb14.adscience.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtb15.adscience.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtb16.adscience.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtb17.adscience.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtb18.adscience.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtb19.adscience.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtb2.adscience.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtb20.adscience.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtb21.adscience.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtb22.adscience.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtb23.adscience.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtb24.adscience.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtb25.adscience.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtb26.adscience.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtb27.adscience.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtb28.adscience.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtb29.adscience.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtb3.adscience.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtb30.adscience.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtb4.adscience.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtb5.adscience.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtb6.adscience.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtb7.adscience.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtb8.adscience.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtb9.adscience.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtl-most.blogspot.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rtr.innovid.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rts.sparkstudios.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ru.redtram.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ru4.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rubyfortune.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ruegenfleisch.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
runcpa.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
runtime.lemonpi.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rv.adcpx.v1.de.eusem.adaos-ads.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s-adserver.sandbox.cxad.cxense.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s-bid.rmp.rakuten.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s-clk.rmp.rakuten.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.ad131m.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.admulti.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.arclk.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.atemda.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.baidu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.boom.ro	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.click.aliexpress.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.clickiocdn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.clicktale.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.di.com.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.domob.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.dynad.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.flite.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.innovid.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.media-imdb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.megaclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.moatads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.ntv.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.optnx.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.oroll.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.ppjol.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.rev2pub.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.seedtag.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.skimresources.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.spolecznosci.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.spoutable.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.tcimg.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.thebrighttag.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s.visilabs.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s0b.bluestreak.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s1.2mdn.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s1.adform.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s3.adbers.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s3.buysellads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s3.pfp.sina.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s5.addthis.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s7.addthis.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s7clean.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s8t.teads.tv	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
s9kkremkr0.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sabre.com.tw	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
safe.hyperpaysys.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
safebrowse.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sagent.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
salesforcecom.tt.omtrdc.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
saletrybest.su	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
samsung3.solution.weborama.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sanalreklam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sarahshuckburgh.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sas.decisionnews.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
saturn.tiser.com.au	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
save-plan.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
savings-time.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sayac.hurriyet.com.tr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sayfabulunamadi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sb.freeskreen.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sb.scorecardresearch.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sb1.shble.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sb2.shble.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sb3.shble.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sb4.shble.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sb5.shble.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sb6.shble.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sb7.shble.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scalemonk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scdown.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scegli-vinci.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scgis.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
schoorsteen.geenstijl.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
schumacher.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
schumacher.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
schwab.tt.omtrdc.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scnet.tv	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scr.kliksaya.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
screen-mates.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
script.banstex.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
script.crsspxl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scripts.kiosked.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scripts.linkz.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scripts.verticalacuity.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sdk.streamrail.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
se.adserver.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
seapower-italia.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
search.addthis.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
search.freeonline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
search.keywordblocks.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
search.netseer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
search.spotxchange.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
searchwe.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sec.hit.gemius.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
secimage.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
secimage.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
secondchancecoaching.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
secserv.adtech.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
secserv.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
secserv.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
secure-js.kontera.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
secure.addthis.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
secure.adnxs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
secure.bidvertiser.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
secure.bidvertiserr.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
secure.netscope.marktest.pt	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
secure.webconnect.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
securecloud-smart.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
secureir.ebaystatic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
securerr.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
securerunner.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
security60-e.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sedlec.unas.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
see-back.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
seemlessfixing.tech	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
seiyuu.ne.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
seks-partner.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
select001.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
select001.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
select002.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
select002.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
select003.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
select003.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
select004.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
select004.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
selling-group.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sergarius.popunder.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
serv.ad-rotator.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
serv.adspeed.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
serv.tooplay.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
serv2.ad-rotator.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
serve.adplxmd.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
serve.freegaypix.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
serve.mediayan.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
serve.popads.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
serve.prestigecasino.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
servedby-buysellads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
servedby.adcombination.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
servedby.flashtalking.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
servedbyadbutler.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server.as5000.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server.bittads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server.cpmstar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server.zoiets.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server2.as5000.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server2.mediajmp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server44.dubhosting.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
server821.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
service.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
service.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
service.urchin.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
service001.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
service001.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
service002.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
service002.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
service003.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
service003.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
service004.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
service004.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
service00x.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
service00x.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
servicer.mgid.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
services.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
services.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
services1.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
services1.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
serving-sys.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
serving.plexop.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
serving.stat-rock.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
serwisy.gremimedia.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
setrise.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
seward.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sexpartnerx.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sexsponsors.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sexzavod.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
seyatosan.iaigiri.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sfads.osdn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sg.adserver.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sg3.beap.gemini.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sgs001.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sgs001.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sh2070.evanzo-server.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sh4sure-images.adbureau.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
share-clouds.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
share-server.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
share-stores.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
shareaholic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
shareasale.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sharebar.addthiscdn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
shared-download.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sharefile-us.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sharefiles-eu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
shares-cloud.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
shatershepeleve.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
shellstore.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
shichihukuudon.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
shinedns.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
shinystat.shiny.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
shopperpromotions.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
shopping-offer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
shoppingminds.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
short-share.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
shortcut-links.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
shorthouse.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
show-msgch.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
showads1000.pubmatic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
showadsak.pubmatic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
shrek.6.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
shrimpsqueezed.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
si.hit.gemius.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sidare.homes	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sifomedia.citypaketet.se	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
signup.advance.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
silcom.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
simba.6.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
simg.zedo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
simpleads.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
simpli.fi	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
simpli.top	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sinseisyoji.co.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sistemishop.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
site.adform.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
siteadvisor.com-br.site	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
siteonline.stream	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sixapart.adbureau.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
skaluneris.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sky.od.ua	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
slayinglance.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
slhk23.0101host.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
slimspots.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
slowmac.tech	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
slowmacfaster.trade	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
smarine.mu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
smart-scripts.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
smartadserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
smartclip.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
smartclip.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
smartcontext.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
smartinit.webads.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
smartlifeguides.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
smartshare.lgtvsdp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
smarttopchain.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
smitt.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
smokersopinionpoll.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
smsmovies.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
smutstone.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
snammar-jumntal.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
snaps.vidiemi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
snip.answers.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
soarpower.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sobar.baidu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sochr.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
social.bidsystem.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
socom.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
softlinkers.popunder.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sokrates.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sokrates.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sol-images.adbureau.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sol.adbureau.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
solartia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
solicita.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
solitairetime.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
solution.weborama.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
somethingawful.crwdcntrl.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sonycomputerentertai.tt.omtrdc.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sophang8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sortis.lt	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sp.adbrn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
spaces.slimspots.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
spadework.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
spanel.gem.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
spanids.dictionary.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
spanids.thesaurus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
special-alerts.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
specialoffers.aol.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
speed.pointroll.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
speedboink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
speedclicks.ero-advertising.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
speedcurve.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
speednetwork14.adk2x.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
speednetwork6.adk2x.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
speeltuintalud.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
spensa.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
spin.spinbox.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
spinbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
spinbox.freedom.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
spinbox.techtracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
spiralfolderrollers.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
spolecznosci.mgr.consensu.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
spolecznosci.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sponsor1.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sponsorships.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sportreisen.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sportydesktops.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
spotxchange.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sq2trk2.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
srs.targetpoint.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
srtb.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
srv.bebi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
srv.juiceadv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
srv.sayyac.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
srv7.admedit.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ssads.osdn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sso.canada.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ssp.adplus.co.id	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ssp.imedia.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ssp.seznam.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ssp.streamrail.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sspcash.adxcore.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
st.blogads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
st.pba.xl.pt	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
st.videojam.tv	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
staceydodge.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stampen.adtlgc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stampen.linkpulse.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stampscom.tt.omtrdc.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stanbridgeestate.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
star-advertising.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
star.pulseonclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
start.badults.se	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stat.56.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stat.blogads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stat.dealtime.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stat.detelefoongids.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stat.rolledwil.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stat2.corp.56.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static-downloads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static-google-analtyic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.2mdn.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.admaximize.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.adsafeprotected.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.adsonar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.adwo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.adzerk.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.chartbeat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.clickonometrics.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.criteo.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.doubleclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.eu.criteo.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.everyone.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.fmpub.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.freenet.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.freeskreen.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.ifa.camads.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.l3.cdn.adbucks.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.l3.cdn.adsucks.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.linkz.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.loboclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.mackeeper.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.mediav.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.oroll.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.plista.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.plugrush.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.ptoahaistais.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.scanscout.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.trackuity.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.trafficstars.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.unocdn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.vertamedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.virgul.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.vpptechnologies.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.wooboo.com.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
static.youmi.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
staticads.btopenworld.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
staticb.mydirtyhobby.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
staticd.cdn.adblade.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
statistic.ads24h.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
statistik-gallup.dk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.appsflyer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.askmoses.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.defense.gov	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.fd.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.ipinyou.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.shopify.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.tubemogul.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.x14.eu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
statsie.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stephanie.tnctrx.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stocker.bonnint.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stompebi.link	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
storage.softure.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
storage.trafic.ro	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
store-downloads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
strategy.lmobi.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stream-direct.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
streamate.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
streamate.doublepimp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stub.mainspotvideosfree.best	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
studiomugnaini.eu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
studiospa.com.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
su.addthis.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
su.valley.ne.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sudokuwhiz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
suhunsoo.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
summer.ntua.edu.tw	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sumome.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sunmaker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
super-mario-deluxe.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
superbrewards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
superfastcdn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
superinterstitial.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
superlecker.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
support-ip.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
support.sweepstakes.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
suprama.online	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
surfindave.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
surfsecured.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
surplus-suppliers.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
survey.china.alibaba.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
survey.nuggad.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
surveymonkeycom.tt.omtrdc.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
surveypass.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
survymonkey.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
susi.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
susi.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
svava.eu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
svd.adtlgc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
svd2.adtlgc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
swa.and.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
swa.metro.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sweetsforfree.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
swfhostltd.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sworkitads.herokuapp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
syn.verticalacuity.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
synad.nuffnang.com.sg	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
synad2.nuffnang.com.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sync-eu.exe.bid	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sync-share.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sync.1rx.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sync.audtd.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sync.credebat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sync.mathtag.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sync.outbrain.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sync.pulseradius.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sync.upravel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
syncaccess.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
syncdownload.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
syncdownloading.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
syndicated.mondominishows.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
syndication.exdynsrv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
syndication.exoclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
syndication.exosrv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
syndication.optimizesrv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
syndication.traffichaus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sysadmin.map24.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sysip.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
szabadonebredok.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
szalonenagrody.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
szalonepromocje.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
szemlelo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
szupertanacsok.blog.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
t-ads.adap.tv	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
t-o-kitano.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
t-odx.op-mobile.opera.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
t.atpanel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
t.dynad.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
t.frtyg.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
t.mdn2015x3.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
t.seedtag.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
t.silvinst.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
t1.adserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
t2.junbi-tracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
t8t7frium3.s.ad6media.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
taboola.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
taboola.com.edgekey.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
taboolasyndication.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tag-dyn.omnitagjs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tag.contextweb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tag.regieci.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tag.webcompteur.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tag.yieldoptimizer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tags.bluekai.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tags.expo9.exponential.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tags.hypeads.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tags.onscroll.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tags.tagcade.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
taicheetee.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
takeforme.xyz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
takeoneaudio.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tanio-najtaniej.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
taobaoafp.allyes.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
taouxis.gr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tapixesa.pro	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tc.tradetracker.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tcadops.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tcimg.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tcss.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tdameritrade.tt.omtrdc.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tdc.advertorials.dk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
te.kontera.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
te1.techgeetam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tealium.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tealiumiq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
techexpert.site	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
techms-shop.su	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
techreview-images.adbureau.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
techreview.adbureau.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
teeser.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
telefoniabologna.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
telusplanet.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
testapp.adhood.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
testensie.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
testpconly12.prepare2upvideosafesystem4setnow.online	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tewxda71.secure.ne.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
texas-diesel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
text-link-ads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
textad.traficdublu.ro	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
textads.madisonavenue.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
textsrv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tf.nexac.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tgpmanager.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thamescom.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thanku.page	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
the-adblocker.website	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
the-binary-trader.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thebestgame2020.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thebitcrew.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thebrighttag.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thebuzz.today	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
theestatehouse.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
theketo-complete.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
themaplemethod.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
theotime.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thepiratetrader.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
theswimshop.co.za	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
theuseful.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
theuseful.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thinknyc.eu-adcenter.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thinktarget.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thirtydaychange.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
this.content.served.by.addshuffle.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
this.content.served.by.adshuffle.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
throwingsevens.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thruport.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tic.filmstoon.cam	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tidebuy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tiltott.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
timetunnel.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tiqcdn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
titan-gel-extra.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
titkoshirek.wordpress.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
titokterminal.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tlx.3lift.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tmx.technoratimedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
toads.osdn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
todayresearch.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
toiletpaper.life	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tommasobuglioni.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tommysbookmarks.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tommysbookmarks.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tomsonguitars.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tongji.baidu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
toolbar.baidu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
toolbar.soso.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
top.list.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
top100-images.rambler.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
top1site.3host.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
top5.mail.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
topbestgames.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
topcashvibes.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
topconsumergifts.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
topdemaroc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tophirek.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
toplist.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
toplist.eu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
toplist.throughput.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
topshape.me	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
toro-tags.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
toroadvertisingmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tororango.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
touch.media-serving.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tour.cineble.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tp2.beap.gemini.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tpads.ovguide.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tpc.googlesyndication.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tps.doubleverify.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tps10216.doubleverify.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tps20519.doubleverify.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tps30.doubleverify.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tps31.doubleverify.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tr.bigpoint.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tr.outbrain.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tr.wl.webads.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
traaaack.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trace.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.adbooth.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.cam4tracking.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.e7r.com.br	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.omgpl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.roularta.adhese.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.tooplay.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
track.vscash.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracker.awr.im	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracker.baidu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.aatkit.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.craktraffic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.edvisors.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.feedmob.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.internetstores.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.joker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.keywordmax.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.scientific-meets.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.truthfinder.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.vcommission.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tracking.veoxa.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trackvoluum.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tradearabia.advertserve.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tradecore.tradehouse.media	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tradelax.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tradem.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tradetracker.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
traffic.adxprts.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
traffic.adxprtz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
traffic.focuusing.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
traffic.getmyads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
traffic.outbrain.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trafficbee.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trafficnetworkads24.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trafficrevenue.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trafficsan.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
traffictraders.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
traffprofit.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trafmag.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trafsearchonline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
traktum.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
transferwiser.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
transplugin.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
travelhub.com.sg	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trc.taboola.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trekmedia.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trendingpatrol.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trendnews.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trends.revcontent.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
triangle.dealsaver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tridentenvironmental.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trk.ablogica.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trk.etrigue.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trk.vidible.tv	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trourted.pro	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trustaffs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trvlnet-images.adbureau.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
trvlnet.adbureau.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tryanimalemale.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ts-shimada.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tsbm.ch	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tsp2002.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tste.startribune.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tsyndicate.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ttarget.adbureau.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ttnet.yandex.com.tr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ttoc8ok.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tudasfaja.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tudaskor.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tudathalo.blogspot.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tudatosanelok.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tudnodkel.blogspot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tudnodkell.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
turn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
turnerapac.d1.sc.omtrdc.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tv2no.linkpulse.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tvn.adocean.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tvn.hit.gemius.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tvshowsnow.tvmax.hop.clickbank.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tw.adserver.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tw2.adserver.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
twofish.freeuk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
twoj-typ.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
twoj-voucher.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
twoje-nagrody.com.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
twoje-nagrody.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
twojszczesliwydzien.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tz284.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
u-ads.adap.tv	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
u.openx.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
u.videoamp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
uac.advertising.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
uav.tidaltv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ubmcmm.baidustatic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ucstat.baidu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ud.adkmob.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
udarem.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
uedata.amazon.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
uelbdc74fn.s.ad6media.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ugo.eu-adcenter.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ui.ppjol.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ujvilagtudat.blogspot.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
uk-ads.openx.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
uk.adserver.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
uk.bitcoinfreedom-appl.t500track42.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ukrashulya.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
uktc.ijento.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ultrasponsor.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ulusalofis.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
um.simpli.fi	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ums.adtechus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
unclechunk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
undertonenetworks.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
uniclick.openv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
union.56.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
union.6.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
union.baidu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
unityads.unity.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
unityads.unitychina.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
unser-en.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
unstat.baidu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
uole.ad.uol.com.br	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
upgrade-ms-home.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
upload.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
upload.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
uproar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
uproar.fortunecity.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
urban.adspirit.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
urc.taboolasyndication.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
us-ads.openx.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
us-microsoft-store.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
us-u.openx.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
us.adserver.yahoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
usatoday.app.ur.gcion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
usc.adserver.snapads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
usemax.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
users.cuci.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
users.tpg.com.au	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
usswrite.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
utarget.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
utility.baidu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
utils.media-general.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
utils.mediageneral.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
uvimage.56.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
v-support.free.bg	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
v1.browser-tools.systems	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
v1.viayonetici.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
v16.56.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
v2.adsbookie.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
v2.viayonetici.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
v2profit.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
v3.toolbar.soso.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
v3.viayonetici.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
v4.viayonetici.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
v5.viayonetici.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
v6.viayonetici.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
v7.viayonetici.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vaitu.club	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vakarek.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
valsgaard-kofod.dk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
van.ads.link4ads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vanbenthem.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vast.ssp.optimatic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vast.tubemogul.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vast.vertamedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vcdn.adnxs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vda.oipzyrzffum.ovh	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vdbunt.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ve1.claker.top	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ve1.techgeetam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ve2.techgeetam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
veirregnant.club	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vendorlist.consensu.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
venetia.iad.appboy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vhowland.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vht.tradedoubler.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
viamichelin.cdn11.contentabc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
viamichelin.media.trafficjunky.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vibrantmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vice-ads-cdn.vice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
victorlutte.cl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vidamsag.postr.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
video-bazis.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
video.cynogage.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
video.entertaintastic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
videobox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
videocop.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
videoegg.adbureau.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
videogamerewardscentral.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
videomediagroep.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
videos.fleshlight.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
videoslots.888.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
videovip.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vidnline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vidroll.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
view.atdmt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
view.binlayer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
view.jamba.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
views.m4n.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
viglink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
viglink.pgpartner.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vilagfigyelo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vilaghelyzete.blogspot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vilagpolgarok.blogspot.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vilagunk.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
villagarden.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vinkelvej12.dk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vip.adpiano.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vipfastmoney.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
viralture.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
viralvideos.tips	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vj.quanjingpay.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vltwox7zl7h1wv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vmcsatellite.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vmix.adbureau.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vn.grab-credit4u.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vnu.eu-adcenter.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vnumedia02.webtrekk.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vnumedia03.webtrekk.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vnumedia04.webtrekk.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vodafoneit.solution.weborama.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vodoustoichivshperplat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vodus-api-serverless.azurewebsites.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vodus-api.azurewebsites.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vodus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
voduscdn.azureedge.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
volksaddiction.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
voluumtracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
voluumtrk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
voluumtrk2.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
voluumtrk3.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
voordeel.ad.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vpm.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vq91811.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vu.veoxa.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vz-cdn.trafficjunky.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vzarabotke.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w-chat.xf.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w.ic.tynt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w.l.qq.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w1.am15.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w1.webcompteur.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w10.centralmediaserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w11.centralmediaserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w2.am15.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wa.and.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wac.2ddcc.alphacdn.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wafmedia3.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wahoha.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wallflore.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wangmeng.baidu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
waoptions.com.au	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wap.casee.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
watch-this.live	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
waust.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wayfarerspoutpraise.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wd.adcolony.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wdm29.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
we-are-gamers.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
weather.fixitpro.ro	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
web-bars.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
web.adblade.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
web123.webhotelli.fi	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
web1b.netreflector.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webads.bizservers.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webads.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webcamsex.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webcompteur.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webhosting-ads.home.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webkurchatov.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webmdcom.tt.omtrdc.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webstats1.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
websurvey.spa-mr.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webtj.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webtrekk.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webuysupplystore.mooo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webwise.bt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wedleaunocomp.work	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wegetpaid.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wegotmedia.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
welcome.faptitans.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
welcome.pussysaga.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wellnessnaturopathic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
werinussa.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
westbridges.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wf.basebanner.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wf.taboola.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
whatishotnow.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
whos.amung.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
widespace.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
widget.achetezfacile.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
widget.adcovery.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
widget3.linkwithin.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
widget5.linkwithin.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
widgets.amung.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
widgets.outbrain.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
widgets.tcimg.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wigetmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wikiforosh.ir	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
williamhill.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
windowgolddealtheclicks.live	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
windows-afx-update.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
windows-cnd-update.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
windows-en-us-update.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
windows-fsd-update.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
windows-msd-update.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
windows-office365.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
windows-service-en.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
windows-several-update.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
windows-update-02-en.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
windows-wsus-update.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
winner-prize.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wm.baidu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wmedia.adk2x.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wms-eu.amazon-adsystem.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wms-na.amazon-adsystem.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wonderlandads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
worden.samenresultaat.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
work-offer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
workaccount.free.bg	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
worldmedpilldeliver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
worry-free-savings.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wowanalytics.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wppluginspro.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ws-na.amazon-adsystem.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wtp101.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ww1.flashx.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ww1510.smartadserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ww251.smartadserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ww690.smartadserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www-x-videos.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.0202.com.tw	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.1-1ads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.1120.com.tw	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.1hkfq6598i.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.247realmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.321cba.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.360ads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.3qqq.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.3turtles.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.404errorpage.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.56.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.5thavenue.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.7500.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.7bpeople.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.805m.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.888.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.888casino.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.888poker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.90offbags.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.961.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.aandgwright.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.aarth.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.abc-tax.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.actiondesk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ad-center.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ad-souk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ad-up.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ad-words.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ad6media.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adblockanalytics.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adbrite.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adcanadian.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adcash.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.addthis.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adengage.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adexchangecloud.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adfactor.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adfunkyserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adfusion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adimages.beeb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adipics.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adjmps.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adjug.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adloader.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adlogix.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.admex.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adnet.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adnet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adnet.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adnetworkperformance.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adnxs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adobee.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adocean.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adotube.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adpepper.dk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adpmbtj.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adpowerzone.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adquest3d.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adreporting.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adrianwaldock.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ads.revenue.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ads2srv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adscience.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adsensecustomsearchads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adserver-espnet.sportszone.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adserver.co.il	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adserver.com.my	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adserver.janes.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adserver.janes.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adserver.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adserver.ugo.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adservtech.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adsinimages.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adskeeper.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adsoftware.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adspics.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adsrvr.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adstogo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adsupplyads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adtechus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adtrader.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adtrix.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.advaliant.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.advanpromo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.advconversion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adverterenbijrtl.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adverterenbijsbs.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adverterenzeeland.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.advertpro.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adverts.dcthomson.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.advertyz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adview.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adzerk.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.aero-source.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.afcyhf.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.affiliate-fr.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.affiliateclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.affiliation-france.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.afform.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.affpartners.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.afterdownload.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.agkn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.agt.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.airfrance.life	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ajalis.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.akiko.f9.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.alexrc.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.algocashmaster.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.allosponsor.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.amazing-opportunities.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.andyhawk.free-online.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.andymurray.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.annuaire-autosurf.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.anrdoezrs.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.api.taboola.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.apogara.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.applelounge.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.applicationwiki.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.appliedsemantics.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.appnexus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.aptracking1.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.area043.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.art-offer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.atpanel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.aureate.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.autohipnose.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.automotive-offer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.avenues-inc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.avsads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.awltovhc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.baba-t.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.balnakiel.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bannerads.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bannerbackup.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bannerconnect.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bannersurvey.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.banstex.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bbelements.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.benhamlyn.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.best-iphone6s.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bicoinsprofit.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bidtraffic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bidvertiser.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bigbangempire.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bigbrandpromotions.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bigbrandrewards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.biggestgiftrewards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.billcarthy.f9.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.binarysystem4u.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bitcoadz.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bitmedia.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bitraffic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.biz-offer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bizographics.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bjhdrx.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.blockadsnot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.blockchaintop.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.blossomtel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bluecrabhosting.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bluediamondoffers.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bnnr.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bodog.eu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.boonsolutions.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bostonwall.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bovadapromotions.lv	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.brandsurveypanel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bretby.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.brightonclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bryantaylor.free-online.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.btalbot.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.btvm.ne.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.budsinc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bulkclicks.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bulletads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.burstnet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bus-offer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.buttcandy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.buycheapadvertising.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.buyhitscheap.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.buzzadnetwork.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.buzzonclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.c2.taboola.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.cadvision.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.cafecoquin.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.cam4.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.camion.idps.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.canuckmethods.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.capath.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.capturedcovers.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.carnegienet.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.cashback.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.cashbackwow.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.cashcapitalsystem.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.cashcount.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.casino770.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.cati.com.tw	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.cdn.taboola.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.cdn4ads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.cellphoneincentives.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.chartbeat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.chartercare.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.chienhung.url.tw	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.chiyih.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.choicedealz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.choicesurveypanel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.christianbusinessadvertising.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.claimfreerewards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.clevernt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.click10.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.click4click.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.clickbank.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.clickdensity.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.clicksgear.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.clicksor.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.clicktale.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.clicktale.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.clickthruserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.clickthrutraffic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.clicktilluwin.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.clickxchange.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.cliftons.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.coin-ad.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.coinad.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.coinzilla.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.computer-offer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.computersncs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.contaxe.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.contextuads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.contextweb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.conversantmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.cookingtiprewards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.coolconcepts.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.coreglead.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.cosmeticscentre.uk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.cotc.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.courtneywalker.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.cpabank.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.cpmadvisors.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.crazypopups.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.crazywinnings.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.crispads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.crowdgravity.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.crowdignite.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.cryptocoinsad.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.csalikft.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ctaz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ctbdev.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.cuci.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.cyberfaery.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.da-ads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.dalesnewzealand.co.nz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.danair.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.datatech.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.datingadvertising.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.datoben.waw.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.davion.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.debbo.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.deelen-wageningen.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.defaultinternet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.delton.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.derekrjones.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.designbloxlive.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.destinationurl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.devenney.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.devis-abri-de-piscine.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.devon38.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.dgmaustralia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.diaita.ch	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.digimedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.directnetadvertising.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.dirtyrhino.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.djugoogs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.dragonawaken.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.drowle.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.dt1blog.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.dunlop.force9.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.dutchsales.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.e-bannerx.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.eastwood35.idps.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.easy2date.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.easyadservice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ebayadservices.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ebayadvertising.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ebaybanner.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.edv-waldherr.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.emadesign.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.emarketmakers.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.entertainment-specials.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.eshopads2.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.euros4click.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.eva.hi-ho.ne.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.everestgroupcorp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.everifymatch.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.exclusivegiftcards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.expoteam.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.eyewonder.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ezl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ezlink.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.fast-adv.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.fatcatrewards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.feedstermedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.finance-offer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.fineclicks.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.firemouth.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.firered.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.flagcounter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.flexibletool.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.flowerdevon.idps.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.flu23.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.focalex.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.folloyu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.food-offer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ford7.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.formosahappiness.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.fpctraffic2.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.fra19.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.framar.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.freeadguru.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.freebiegb.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.freecamerasource.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.freecamsecrets.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.freecamsexposed.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.freedvddept.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.freefoodsource.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.freefuelcard.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.freefuelcoupon.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.freeipoduk.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.freelaptopreward.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.freenation.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.freeplasmanation.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.freespinwinner.win	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.freo-stats.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.friendlyduck.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.frontpagecash.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ftjcfx.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.funkydoowop.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.fusionbanners.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.garethwalker.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.gatesofhell.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.gatoradvertisinginformationnetwork.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.gbinnie.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.georgewatson.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.get-express-vpn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.getagiftonline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.getlink.pw	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.getloan.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.getmyads24.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.getmyfreegiftcard.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.getspecialgifts.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.giftcardchallenge.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.giftcardsurveys.us.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.gigdnetwork.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.gm4pgv.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.gmads.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.googleadservices.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.grabbit-rabbit.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.greasypalm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.greatdexchange.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.greencentral.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.groupm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.grtexch.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.guesstheview.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.hansvanderwerf.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.healthbeautyncs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.hebdotop.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.heusmarketing.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.hibids10.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.hieroglyph.freeuk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.hightrafficads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.hiroden-con.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.histats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.hooqy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.hotchatdate.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.hotgiftzone.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.hotkeys.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.i-younet.ne.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.idealcasino.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.idirect.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ifileyou.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.iicdn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ili.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ilovecheating.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ilovemobi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.images.taboola.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.imcounting.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.incentivegateway.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.indiads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.infinite-ads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.inflationbreedinghoax.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.intela.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.interstitialzone.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.invitefashion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.inyes.com.tw	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.iqoption.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.is1.clixgalore.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.isfilebest.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.isistech.com.tw	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.istats.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.itrackerpro.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.itsfree123.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.izmsj.co.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.izu.co.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.jetseeker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.jivox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.jolic2.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.jrhayley.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.jxliu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.k-macs.ne.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.katch.ne.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.kenkudo.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.keywordblocks.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.kitaramarketplace.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.kitaramedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.kixer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.kliksaya.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.knell.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.kolks.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.konimkan.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.kontera.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.konversation.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.kreaffiliation.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.kuhdi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ladyclicks.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.laptopreportcard.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.laptoprewards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.laptoprewardsgroup.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.laptoprewardszone.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.larivieracasino.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.lduhtrp.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.le1er.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.leadgreed.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.leklicht.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.lincolnshirefitness.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.linkhut.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.linkpulse.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.linkredirect.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.linkwithin.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.liveadexchanger.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.loboclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.lottoforever.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.lpcloudsvr302.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.lpmxp2017.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.lpmxp2024.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.lucky-day-uk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.lysabarnard.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.m2trk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ma-kaeser.ch	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.maaxmarket.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.macatawa.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.market-buster.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.marketrip.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.maxbounty.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.maxonclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.mb01.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.mb102.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.medhiartis.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.media-motor.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.media2.travelzoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.medical-offer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.megawealthbiz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.mellowads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.merijntjeaanderijn.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.merlin.co.il	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.mgid.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.mightymagoo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.mikaeljigmo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.miqsoft.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.miyazaki-catv.ne.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.mjonkers.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.mlntracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.mochibot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.monetizemore.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.morefreecamsecrets.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.morevisits.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.mpression.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.mr-mondial.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.mrazens.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ms247.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.my-rewardsvault.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.my-stats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.myadsl.co.za	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.myaffiliateprogram.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.mycashback.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.mychoicerewards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.myexclusiverewards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.myfreedinner.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.myfreegifts.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.myfreemp3player.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.mygreatrewards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.myseostats.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.myuitm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.myusersonline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.na47.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.nas-k.co.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.nationalissuepanel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.nationalsurveypanel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.nctracking.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ndbsoft.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.nearbyad.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.nebulus30.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.needadvertising.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.neptuneads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.neszmely.eu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.newmedia.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.newnorth.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.news6health.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.newtrees.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.nextlnk7.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.nospartenaires.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.novelsys.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.nozawashoten.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.nutaku.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.odyssey.on.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.offerx.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.olioeroli.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.onclickpredictiv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.onclicktop.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ontheweb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.opendownload.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.openload.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.optad360.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.outbrain.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ozonatory24.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.paperg.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.parsads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.partycasino.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.pathforpoints.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.paypopup.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.peachy18.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.pedigree1.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.perfectgirls.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.performanceonclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.persgroepadvertising.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.perso.ch	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.peteralexander.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.peterfishwick.free-online.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.pfhsystem.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.phoenixads.co.in	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.phorm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.pitakchon.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.placelocal.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.planet.eon.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.plasmatv4free.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.politicalopinionsurvey.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.pomp-buerotechnik.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.poponclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.popup.taboola.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.popupad.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.popupdomination.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.popuptraffic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.postmasterbannernet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.postmasterdirect.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.postnewsads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.praktijkmariekehuisman.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.predictivadnetwork.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.premiumproductsonline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.prizes.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.pro-partners.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.probabilidades.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.probusinesshub.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.productresearchpanel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.producttestpanel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.projectwonderful.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.prtc.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.psclicks.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.pubdirecte.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.pureadexchange.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.qcoldtui1999.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.quickbrowsersearch.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.radiate.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.rankyou.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.redactiepartners.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.regflow.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.registrarads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.reklam3.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.resolvingserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.reusenproject-n.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.rewardsflow.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ringtonepartner.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.riskybus.f9.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ritikhush.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.robm674.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.romepartners.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.roulettebotplus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.rpepin.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.rtcode.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.rubyfortune.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ryosuke.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.sa44.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.sagent.io	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.sarge05.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.savings-time.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.sayfabulunamadi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.schemml.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.scottofyork.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.screen-mates.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.searchingzone.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.searchwe.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.securerunner.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.servedby-buysellads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.servitemequipos.cl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.seward.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.sexadvertentiesite.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.sexpartnerx.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.sexsponsors.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.sgtwilko.f9.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.share-server.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.shareasale.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.shaunfennings.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.shichihukuudon.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.shopperpromotions.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.shopping-offer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.shoppingjobshere.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.shoppingminds.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.shorthouse.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.silcom.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.simpli.fi	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.skegness.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.skvarsani.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.sky-net.or.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.skywin.com.tw	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.smailes.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.smart-scripts.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.smartadserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.smarttopchain.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.smichovbike.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.smokersopinionpoll.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.smspop.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.sochr.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.sociallypublish.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.speedboink.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.speedyclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.spinbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.spinia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.sponsorads.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.sponsoradulto.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.sq2trk2.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ssquire.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.star-advertising.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.startnewtab.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.studiomugnaini.eu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.subsitesadserver.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.sudokuwhiz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.sun-inet.or.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.superbrewards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.superinterstitial.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.surplus-suppliers.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.sweetsforfree.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.syncaccess.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.system-live-media.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.taboola.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.tao123.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.tbitcoin.me	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.teltech.hu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.telusplanet.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.terraclicks.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.text-link-ads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.textbanners.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.textsrv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.tgpmanager.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.thatrendsystem.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.thepringlefamily.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.thetraderinpajamas.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.theuseful.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.theuseful.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.thewaycloud.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.thinktarget.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.thruport.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.tlauder.f9.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.top-free-casino-games.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.top20free.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.topcashvibes.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.topconsumergifts.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.topdemaroc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.topreward.site	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.topsecretmagic.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.topworld.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.tqlkg.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.track2cash.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.tracklead.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.tradeadexchange.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.tradelax.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.tradem.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.trafficnetworkads24.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.trafficrevenue.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.traffictrader.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.traffictraders.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.trafsearchonline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.traktrafficflow.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.tranzit124.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.traveladvertising.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.trc.taboola.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.treeloot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.trendnews.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.trendsonline.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.trourted.pro	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.truentertainment.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ts-shimada.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ttnet.yandex.com.tr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ttoc8ok.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.turn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.tutka.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.tutop.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.twofish.freeuk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.u1trkqf.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ukbanners.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.uproar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.urdoot.win	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.usemax.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.user-shield.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.users.dialstart.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.users.freenetname.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.utarget.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.valueclick.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.vandenberghider.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.vanguard-art.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.veritaspartners.co.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.vibrantmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.victorlutte.cl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.victory1999.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.videoconverterhd.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.videogamerewardscentral.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.videomediagroep.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.view4cash.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.vilaglato.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.virtumundo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.visualwebsiteoptimizer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.vmcsatellite.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.wctc.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.wdm29.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.webcompteur.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.websitepromoten.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.websponsors.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.webtj.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.webtrekk.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.wegetpaid.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.wessexgrange.plus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.westreclameadvies.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.whalecashads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.widespace.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.widgetbucks.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.wigetmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.williamhill.es	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.windaily.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.work-offer.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.worry-free-savings.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.wppluginspro.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.wu4652.com.tw	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.wwt-ag.ch	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.xadsmart.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.xaxis.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.xbn.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.xn--turkishirlines-1p8g.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.yceml.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.yieldmanager.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.yieldpartners.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.youfck.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.your-gift-zone.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.yourgascards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.yourgiftrewards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.yourgiftzone.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.youripad4free.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.yourrewardzone.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.yoursmartrewards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.yuzuni.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ywmc.com.tw	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.zabavazaodrasle.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.zbippirad.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.zemgo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.zevents.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.zytpirwai.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www1.amigo2.ne.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www1.bannerspace.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www1.belboon.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www1.mpnrs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www1.xmediaserve.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www1.zapadserver1.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www10.glam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www10.indiads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www10.paypopup.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www12.glam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www123.glam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www13.glam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www14.smartadserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www17.glam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www18.glam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www2.ad-server.online	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www2.adserverpub.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www2.bannerspace.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www2.glam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www2.gorillavid.in	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www2.pubdirecte.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www2.tpgi.com.au	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www2.wyylde.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www2.zapadserver1.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www210.paypopup.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www211.paypopup.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www212.paypopup.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www213.paypopup.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www24.glam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www24a.glam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www25.glam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www25a.glam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www3.addthis.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www3.bannerspace.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www3.game-advertising-online.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www3.haberturk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www3.smartadserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www3.telus.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www3.webhostingtalk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www30.glam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www30a1-orig.glam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www30a1.glam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www30a2-orig.glam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www30a3-orig.glam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www30a3.glam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www30a7.glam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www30l2.glam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www30t1-orig.glam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www35f.glam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www35jm.glam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www35t.glam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www4.bannerspace.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www4.glam.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www4.smartadserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www4176uc.sakura.ne.jp	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www5.bannerspace.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www5.zoosi.club	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www6.bannerspace.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www7.bannerspace.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www8.bannerspace.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www9.paypopup.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www9.smartadserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wwwroot.forent.sk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wytypowany-zwyciezca.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wytypowany-zwyciezca.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
x-album.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
x-album.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
x-albums.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
x-image.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
x-images.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
x-images.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
x-photobucket.top	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
x-photos.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
x-picture.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
x-pictures.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
x.azjmp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
x.bidswitch.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
x.iasrv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
x.interia.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
x.mochiads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
x2.trk1.co	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xads.zedo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xaxis.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xbox-ms-store-debug.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xch.smrtgs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xl-trk.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xml.ad-maven.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xml.adfclick1.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xml.adservme.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xml.adtech.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xml.adtech.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xml.click9.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xml.explorads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xml.mediashakers.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xml.realtime-bid.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xml.yepmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xmlheads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xpantivirus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xphones-2019.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xphotos-album.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xphotos.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xpictures.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xstatic.nk-net.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
y.cdn.adblade.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
yadro.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
yas-jr.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
yepdigital.adk2x.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
yhti.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
yieldmanager.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
yllix.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ym.adnxs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
yodleeinc.tt.omtrdc.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
yoredi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
yotube.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
youfck.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
your-gift-zone.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
your.dailytopdealz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
youradexchange.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
yourgascards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
yourgiftrewards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
yourgiftzone.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
youripad4free.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
yourrewardzone.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
yoursmartrewards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ysiu.freenation.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
yt-adblocker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
yumenetworks.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
yx-in-f108.1e100.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
z-na.amazon-adsystem.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
z.blogads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
z.dynad.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
z.moatads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
z1.adserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zabavazaodrasle.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zads.zedo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zapadserver1.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zapcdn.space	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zazerygu.pro	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zc1.zeroredirect11.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zdads.e-media.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zem.outbrainimg.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zemgo.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zeroredirect.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zeroredirect1.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zeroredirect11.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zeroredirect12.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zeroredirect2.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zeroredirect5.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zeroredirect8.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zevents.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zlhoteckelinie.wz.cz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zoeandjo.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zu1.november-lax.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zulu.r867qq.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zytpirwai.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
admicro1.vcmedia.vn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ct1.addthis.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cya2.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
i.ligatus.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
images.revtrax.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
shorte.st	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
src.kitcode.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ar.hao123.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
irs01.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kiks.yandex.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
y3.ifengimg.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
in.yimg.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
us.a1.yimg.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adminec1.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ads.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ai.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
counter2.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dev101.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
download.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ec1.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-247internet.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-accuweather.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-acdsystems.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-adeptscience.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-affinitynet.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-aha.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-amerix.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-apcc.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-ati.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-attenza.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-autodesk.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-baa.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-backweb.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-bestbuy.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-bizjournals.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-boschsiemens.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-bskyb.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-cafepress.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-careerbuilder.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-cbc.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-cbs.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-cbsradio.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-cedarpoint.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-clearchannel.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-closetmaid.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-commjun.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-communityconnect.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-comscore.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-corusentertainment.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-coverityinc.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-crain.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-ctv.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-cygnusbm.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-datamonitor.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-dig.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-digg.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-eckounlimited.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-esa.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-espn.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-fifa.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-findlaw.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-foundation.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-foxsports.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-futurepub.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-gamedaily.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-gamespot.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-gatehousemedia.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-glam.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-groceryworks.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-groupernetworks.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-guardian.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-hasbro.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-hellodirect.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-himedia.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-hitent.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-hollywood.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-idg.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-idgentertainment.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-ifilm.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-ignitemedia.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-intel.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-ittoolbox.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-itworldcanada.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-kingstontechnology.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-knightridder.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-learningco.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-legonewyorkinc.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-liveperson.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-macpublishingllc.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-macromedia.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-magicalia.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-maplesoft.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-mgnlimited.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-mindshare.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-mtv.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-mybc.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-newegg.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-newscientist.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-nokiafin.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-novell.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-nvidia.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-oreilly.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-pacifictheatres.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-pennwell.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-peoplesoft.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-philipsvheusen.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-pizzahut.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-playboy.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-qualcomm.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-quantumcorp.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-randomhouse.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-redherring.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-register.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-researchinmotion.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-rfa.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-rodale.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-salesforce.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-salonmedia.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-samsungusa.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-seca.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-shoppersdrugmart.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-sonybssc.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-sonycomputer.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-sonyelec.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-sonymusic.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-sonyny.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-space.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-streamload.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-superpages.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-techtarget.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-tfl.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-thefirstchurchchrist.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-tigerdirect.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-tigerdirect2.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-topps.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-tribute.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-tumbleweed.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-ubisoft.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-uniontrib.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-usnewsworldreport.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-verizoncommunications.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-viacom.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-vmware.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-vonage.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-wachovia.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-wacomtechnology.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-womanswallstreet.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-wss.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-xxolympicwintergames.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-yellowpages.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg-youtube.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ehg.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ejs.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
enterprise.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
esg.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
evwr.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
get.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hg1.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hg10.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hg11.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hg12.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hg13.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hg14.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hg15.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hg16.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hg17.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hg2.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hg6a.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hitboxbenchmarker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hitboxcentral.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
host6.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ias.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ias2.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ibg.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ics.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
idb.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
js1.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lookup.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mrtg.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
myhitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nei.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
noc.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ns1.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oas.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
phg.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
rd1.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reseller.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
resources.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sitesearch.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ss.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stage.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stage101.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stage102.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stage103.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats2.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stats3.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tetra.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tools.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tools2.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
toolsa.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ts1.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ts2.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vwr1.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w1.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w10.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w100.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w101.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w102.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w103.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w104.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w105.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w106.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w107.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w108.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w109.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w11.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w110.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w111.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w112.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w113.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w114.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w115.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w116.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w117.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w118.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w119.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w12.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w120.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w121.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w122.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w123.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w124.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w126.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w128.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w129.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w13.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w130.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w131.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w132.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w133.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w135.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w136.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w137.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w138.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w139.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w14.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w140.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w141.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w144.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w147.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w15.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w153.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w154.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w155.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w157.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w159.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w16.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w161.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w162.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w167.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w168.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w17.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w170.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w175.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w18.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w19.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w2.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w20.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w21.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w22.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w23.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w24.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w25.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w26.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w27.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w28.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w29.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w3.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w30.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w31.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w32.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w33.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w36.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w4.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w5.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w6.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w7.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w8.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w9.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webload101.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wvwr1.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ww1.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ww2.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ww3.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wwa.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wwb.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wwc.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wwd.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
yang.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ying.hitbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
extreme-dm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reports.extreme-dm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
t.extreme-dm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
t0.extreme-dm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
t1.extreme-dm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
u.extreme-dm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
u0.extreme-dm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
u1.extreme-dm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
v.extreme-dm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
v0.extreme-dm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
v1.extreme-dm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w.extreme-dm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w0.extreme-dm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
w1.extreme-dm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.extreme-dm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
x3.extreme-dm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
y.extreme-dm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
y0.extreme-dm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
y1.extreme-dm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
z.extreme-dm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
z0.extreme-dm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
z1.extreme-dm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ap.oasfile.aftenposten.no	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oas-central.east.realmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oas-central.realmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oas.adservingml.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oas.benchmark.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oas.foxnews.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oas.ibnlive.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oas.publicitas.ch	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oas.sciencemag.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oas.startribune.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oas.toronto.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oas.uniontrib.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oas.villagevoice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oas.vtsgonline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oasc03012.247realmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oasc03049.247realmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oasc06006.247realmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oasc08008.247realmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oasc09.247realmedia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.123greetings.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.abclocal.go.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.adage.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.adageglobal.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.aircanada.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.artistirect.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.askmen.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.blackenterprises.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.businessweeks.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.buy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.canadaeast.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.canadianliving.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.charleston.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.chicagobusiness.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.chron.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.citypages.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.clearchannel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.comcast.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.comics.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.construction.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.consumerreports.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.crainsdetroit.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.cybereps.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.dailybreeze.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.discovery.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.drphil.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.fashionmagazine.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.fayettevillenc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.forsythnews.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.fortunecity.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.foxnews.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.freedom.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.gigex.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.herenb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.hollywood.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.houstonpress.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.inq7.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.investorwords.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.itbusiness.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.laptopmag.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.law.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.laweekly.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.looksmart.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.lycos.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.mayoclinic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.medbroadcast.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.minnpost.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.mochila.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.nerve.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.newsmax.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.onwisconsin.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.phoenixnewtimes.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.phoenixvillenews.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.poconorecord.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.politico.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.post-gazette.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.pottsmerc.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.rcrnews.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.redherring.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.redstate.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.register.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.santacruzsentinel.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.seacoastonline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.sfgate.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.sfweekly.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.sina.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.sina.com.hk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.sparknotes.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.starbulletin.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.surfline.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.thechronicleherald.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.thenation.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.theonion.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.theonionavclub.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.thephoenix.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.tmcnet.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.tnr.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.tourismvancouver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.townhall.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.trutv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.upi.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.villagevoice.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.virtualtourist.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.washtimes.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.wciv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.westword.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.where.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.wjla.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.wkrn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.yellowpages.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentral.zwire.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oascentralnx.comcast.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fastclick.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
te.about.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
te.adlandpro.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
te.advance.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
te.ap.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
te.astrology.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
te.boston.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
te.chron.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
te.cleveland.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
te.greenwichtime.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
te.infoworld.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
te.journalnow.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
te.newsday.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
te.nytdigital.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
te.scrippsnetworksprivacy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
te.scrippsnewspapersprivacy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
te.sfgate.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
te.signonsandiego.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
te.stamfordadvocate.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
te.thestar.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
te.thestar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
te.trb.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
te.versiontracker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adultfriendfinder.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
incestland.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lesview.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
searchforit.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bangbuddy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.datanotary.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.entercasino.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.justhookup.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.mangayhentai.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ourfuckbook.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.realincestvideos.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.searchv.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.seductiveamateurs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.smsmovies.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.wowjs.1www.cn	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.xxxnations.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.xxxtoolbar.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.yourfuckbook.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
123greetings.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
2000greetings.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
celebwelove.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ecard4all.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eforu.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
freewebcards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fukkad.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fun-e-cards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
funnyreign.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
funsilly.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
myfuncards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.cool-downloads.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.cool-downloads.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.friend-card.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.friend-cards.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.friend-cards.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.friend-greeting.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.friend-greetings.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.friend-greetings.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.friendgreetings.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.friendgreetings.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.laugh-mail.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.laugh-mail.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
21jewelry.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
24x7.soliday.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
2site.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
33b.b33r.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
4allfree.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
55.2myip.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
6165.rapidforum.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
7x.cc	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
911.x24hr.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ab.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aboutharrypotter.fasthost.tv	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
acyclovir.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adderall.ourtablets.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adipex.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adipex.24sws.ws	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adipex.3.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adipex.4.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adipex.hut1.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adipex.ourtablets.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adipex.shengen.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adipex.t-amo.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adipexp.3xforum.ro	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adult.shengen.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aid-golf-golfdust-training.tabrays.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ak.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
al.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
all-sex.shengen.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
allegra.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
allergy.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
alprazolam.ourtablets.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
alprazolamonline.findmenow.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
alyssamilano.home.sapo.pt	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ambien.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ambien.3.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ambien.4.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ambien.ourtablets.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
amoxicillin.ourtablets.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
anklets.shengen.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
antidepressants.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
anxiety.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aol.spb.su	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ar.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
arcade.ya.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
arthritis.atspace.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
as.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ativan.ourtablets.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
auto.allewagen.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
az.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
azz.badazz.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
balabass.peerserver.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bbs.ws	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bc.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
beauty.finaltips.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bextra-store.shengen.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bextra.ourtablets.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
birth-control.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bontril.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bontril.ourtablets.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bupropion-hcl.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buspar.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buspirone.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
butalbital-apap.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buy-adipex.aca.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buy-adipex.hut1.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buy-cheap-phentermine.blogspot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buy-cialis-online.iscool.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buy-cialis.splinder.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buy-fioricet.hut1.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buy-hydrocodone.aca.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buy-hydrocodone.este.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buy-lortab-online.iscool.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buy-lortab.hut1.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buy-phentermine.thepizza.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buy-ultram-online.iscool.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buy-valium.este.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buy-valium.hut1.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buy-viagra.aca.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buy-vicodin-online.seumala.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buy-vicodin-online.supersite.fr	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buy-vicodin.hut1.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buy-vicodin.iscool.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buy-xanax-cheap-xanax-online.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buy-xanax.aztecaonline.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buy-xanax.hut1.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buycialisonline.7h.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buyfioricet.findmenow.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buyfioricetonline.7h.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buyfioricetonline.freeservers.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buyhydrocodoneonline.findmenow.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buylevitra.3xforum.ro	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buylevitraonline.7h.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buylortabonline.7h.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buypaxilonline.7h.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buyphentermineonline.7h.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
buyvicodinonline.veryweird.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ca.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
car-donation.shengen.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
car-loan.shengen.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
carisoprodol.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
carisoprodol.hut1.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
carisoprodol.ourtablets.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
carisoprodol.shengen.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cash-advance.now-cash.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cat.onlinepeople.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cc5f.dnyp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
celebrex.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
celexa.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
celexa.3.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
celexa.4.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cephalexin.ourtablets.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cheap-adipex.hut1.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cheap-web-hosting-here.blogspot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cheap-xanax-here.blogspot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cheapxanax.hut1.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cialis-store.shengen.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cialis.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cialis.3.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cialis.4.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cialis.ourtablets.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
co.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
codeine.ourtablets.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
creampie.afdss.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
credit-card-application.now-cash.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
credit-cards.shengen.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ct.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cyclobenzaprine.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cyclobenzaprine.ourtablets.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
danger-phentermine.allforyourlife.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
darvocet.ourtablets.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dc.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
de.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
debt.shengen.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
def.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
detox-kit.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
detox.shengen.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
diazepam.ourtablets.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
diazepam.razma.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
diazepam.shengen.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
didrex.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
diet-pills.hut1.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dir.opank.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dos.velek.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
drug-testing.shengen.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
drugdetox.shengen.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-dot.hut1.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
e-hosting.hut1.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eb.prout.be	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ed.at.thamaster.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
effexor-xr.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
en.ultrex.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
enpresse.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
erectile.byethost33.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
esgic.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fahrrad.bikesshop.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
famvir.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
farmius.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fee-hydrocodone.bebto.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
female-v.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
femaleviagra.findmenow.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fg.softguy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
findmenow.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fioricet-online.blogspot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fioricet.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fioricet.3.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fioricet.4.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fl.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
flexeril.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
flextra.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
flonase.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
flonase.3.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
flonase.4.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fluoxetine.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fo4n.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
forex-broker.hut1.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
forex-chart.hut1.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
forex-market.hut1.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
forex-news.hut1.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
forex-online.hut1.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
forex-signal.hut1.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
forex-trade.hut1.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
forex-trading-benefits.blogspot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
forextrading.hut1.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
free-money.host.sk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ga.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gastrointestinal.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
gu.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
guerria-skateboard-tommy.tabrays.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
h1.ripway.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
herpes.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
herpes.3.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
herpes.4.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hi.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
homehre.bravehost.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
homehre.ifrance.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
homehre.tripod.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hydrocodone-buy-online.blogspot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hydrocodone.irondel.swisshost.by	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hydrocodone.shengen.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hydrocodone.t-amo.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hydrocodone.visa-usa.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ia.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
id.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
il.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imitrex.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imitrex.3.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
imitrex.4.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
in.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ionamin.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
irondel.swisshost.by	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ks.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ky.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
la.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
levitra.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
levitra.3.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
levitra.4.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lexapro.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lexapro.3.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lexapro.4.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
loan.aol.msk.su	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
loestrin.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lol.to	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lortab-cod.hut1.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lortab.hut1.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ma.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
make-money.shengen.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mb.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
md.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
me.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
medical.carway.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mens.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
meridia.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
meridia.3.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
meridia.4.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
meridiameridia.3xforum.ro	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mesotherapy.jino-net.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mi.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mn.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mo.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mortgage-rates.now-cash.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mp.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ms.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mt.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
multimedia-projector.katrina.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
muscle-relaxers.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nasacort.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nasonex.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nb.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nc.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nd.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ne.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nexium.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nextel-ringtone.spb.su	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nf.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nh.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nj.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nm.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nordette.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nordette.3.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nordette.4.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ns.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nv.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ny.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
o8.aus.cc	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oh.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ok.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
on.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
online-casino.shengen.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
online-casino.webpark.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
online-forex-trading-systems.blogspot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
online-forex.hut1.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
online-pharmacy-online.blogspot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
online-poker.shengen.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
only-valium.shengen.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
or.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
orderadipex.findmenow.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ortho-tri-cyclen.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pa.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pacific-poker.e-online-poker-4u.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pain-relief.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
paintball-gun.tripod.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
patio-furniture.dreamhoster.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
paxil.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
payday-loans.now-cash.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pe.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
peter-north-cum-shot.blogspot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pets.finaltips.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pharmacy-canada.forsearch.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pharmacy-news.blogspot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pharmacy.hut1.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
phendimetrazine.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
phentermine-online.iscool.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
phentermine.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
phentermine.3.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
phentermine.4.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
phentermine.aussie7.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
phentermine.shengen.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
phentermine.t-amo.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
phentermine.webpark.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
phone-calling-card.exnet.su	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
plavix.shengen.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
play-poker-free.forsearch.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
poker-games.e-online-poker-4u.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pop.egi.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pr.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
prescription-drugs.easy-find.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
prescription-drugs.shengen.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
prevacid.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
prilosec.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
propecia.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
protonix.shengen.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
psorias.atspace.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
purchase.hut1.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
qc.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
refinance.shengen.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
renova.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
resanium.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
retin-a.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ri.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sc.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sd.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
search-phentermine.hpage.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
search4you.50webs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
seasonale.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sk.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
skelaxin.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
skelaxin.3.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
skelaxin.4.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
skin-care.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
skocz.pl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sleep-aids.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sleeper-sofa.dreamhoster.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sobolev.net.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
soma-store.visa-usa.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
soma.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
soma.3xforum.ro	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sonata.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
spyware-removers.shengen.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sq7.co.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
stop-smoking.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
supplements.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sx.nazari.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sx.z0rz.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tenuate.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
texas-hold-em.e-online-poker-4u.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
texas-holdem.shengen.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ticket20.tripod.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tizanidine.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tn.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
topmeds10.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tramadol.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tramadol.3.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tramadol.4.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tramadol2006.3xforum.ro	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
triphasil.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
triphasil.3.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
triphasil.4.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tx.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ultracet.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ultram.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
urlcut.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ut.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
utairway.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
va.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
valium.este.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
valium.hut1.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
valium.ourtablets.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
valiumvalium.3xforum.ro	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
valtrex.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
valtrex.3.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
valtrex.4.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
valtrex.7h.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vaniqa.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vi.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
viagra-pill.blogspot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
viagra-soft-tabs.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
viagra-store.shengen.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
viagra.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
viagra.3.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
viagra.4.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
viagraviagra.3xforum.ro	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vicodin-store.shengen.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vicodin.t-amo.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
viewtools.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vioxx.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vitalitymax.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vt.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wa.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
water-bed.8p.org.uk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
webhosting.hut1.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
weborg.hut1.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
weight-loss.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
weight-loss.3.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
weight-loss.4.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
weight-loss.hut1.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wellbutrin.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wellbutrin.3.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wellbutrin.4.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wellnessmonitor.bravehost.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wi.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wp-club.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ws01.do.nu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ws02.do.nu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ws03.do.nu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ws03.home.sapo.pt	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ws04.do.nu	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ws04.home.sapo.pt	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ws05.home.sapo.pt	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ws06.home.sapo.pt	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wv.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.31d.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adspoll.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.adult-top-list.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.aektschen.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.aeqs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.atlantis-asia.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bestrxpills.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bigsister-puff.cxa.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bigsister.cxa.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bitlocker.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.cheap-online-stamp.cast.cc	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.computerxchange.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.credit-dreams.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.exe-file.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.fetisch-pornos.cxa.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ficken-ficken-ficken.cxa.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ficken-xxx.cxa.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.heimlich-gefilmt.cxa.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.keyofhealth.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.kitchentablegang.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.km69.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.kvr-systems.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.lesben-pornos.cxa.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.littledevildoubt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.masterspace.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.medical-research-books.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.nextstudent.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.nutten-verzeichnis.cxa.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.obesitycheck.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.pawnauctions.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.poker-new.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.poker-unique.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.poker4spain.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.porno-lesben.cxa.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.randppro-cuts.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.romanticmaui.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.schwule-boys-nackt.cxa.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.shopping-artikel.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.showcaserealestate.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.skattabrain.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.softcha.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.talentbroker.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.the-discount-store.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.topmeds10.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.uniqueinternettexasholdempoker.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.vthought.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.vtoyshop.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.vulcannonibird.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.willcommen.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www4.at.debianbase.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www6.ns1.name	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www69.bestdeals.at	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www69.byinter.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www69.findhere.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www9.compblue.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www9.servequake.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www99.bounceme.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www99.zapto.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wy.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
x25.plorp.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
x4.lov3.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
x888x.myserver.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xanax-online.dot.de	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xanax-online.run.to	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xanax-store.shengen.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xanax.ourtablets.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xanax.t-amo.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xanaxxanax.3xforum.ro	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xenical.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xenical.3.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xenical.4.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
xoomer.alice.it	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
yasmin.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
yasmin.3.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
yasmin.4.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
yt.5.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zanaflex.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zebutal.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zoloft.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zoloft.3.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zoloft.4.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zyban-store.shengen.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zyban.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zyrtec.1.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zyrtec.3.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zyrtec.4.p2l.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
a.ads2.msads.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
adnexus.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
aidps.atdmt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
az361816.vo.msecnd.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
az512334.vo.msecnd.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
b.ads1.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
b.ads2.msads.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
c.atdmt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cdn.atdmt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cds26.ams9.msecn.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
db3aqu.atdmt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ec.atdmt.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
feedback.microsoft-hohm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
flex.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
h1.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
live.rads.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
m.adnxs.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
msntest.serving-sys.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
preview.msn.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
reports.wes.df.telemetry.microsoft.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
schemas.microsoft.akadns.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
secure.flashtalking.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
statsfe2.ws.microsoft.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wes.df.telemetry.microsoft.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
goatse.cx	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.goatse.cx	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oralse.cx	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.oralse.cx	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
goatse.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.goatse.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
oralse.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.oralse.ca	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
goat.cx	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.goat.cx	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
shafou.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.shafou.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
1girl1pitcher.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
1girl1pitcher.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
1guy1cock.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
1man1jar.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
1man2needles.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
1priest1nun.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
1priest1nun.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
2girls1cup-free.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
2girls1cup.cc	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
2girls1cup.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
2girls1cup.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
2girls1cup.ws	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
2girls1finger.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
2girls1finger.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
2guys1stump.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
3guys1hammer.ws	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
4girlsfingerpaint.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
4girlsfingerpaint.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bagslap.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
ballsack.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bestgore.fun	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bestshockers.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bluewaffle.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bottleguy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
bowlgirl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cadaver.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
clownsong.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
cyberscat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dadparty.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
detroithardcore.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
donotwatch.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
dontwatch.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
eelsoup.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
fruitlauncher.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
funnelchair.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
goatse.bz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
goatse.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
goatsegirl.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
hai2u.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
homewares.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
howtotroll.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
japscat.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jarsquatter.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
jiztini.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kids-in-sandbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
kidsinsandbox.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lemonparty.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lemonparty.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lolhello.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
lolshock.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
loltrain.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
meatspin.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
meatspin.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
merryholidays.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
milkfountain.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mudfall.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
mudmonster.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nimp.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nobrain.dk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
nutabuse.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
octopusgirl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
on.nimp.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
painolympics.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
painolympics.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
phonejapan.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pnrtscr.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
pressurespot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
prolapseman.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
scrollbelow.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
selfpwn.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
shockgore.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
sourmath.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
strawpoii.me	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
suckdude.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thatsjustgay.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thatsphucked.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thehomo.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
themacuser.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
thepounder.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tubgirl.me	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
tubgirl.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
turdgasm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
vomitgirl.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
walkthedinosaur.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
whipcrack.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
wormgush.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.1girl1pitcher.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.1guy1cock.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.1man1jar.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.1man2needles.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.1priest1nun.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.1priest1nun.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.2girls1cup-free.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.2girls1cup.cc	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.2girls1cup.nl	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.2girls1cup.ws	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.2girls1finger.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.2guys1stump.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.3guys1hammer.ws	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.4girlsfingerpaint.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bagslap.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ballsack.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bestshockers.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bluewaffle.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bottleguy.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.bowlgirl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.cadaver.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.clownsong.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.cyberscat.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.dadparty.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.detroithardcore.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.donotwatch.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.dontwatch.us	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.eelsoup.net	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.fruitlauncher.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.funnelchair.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.goatse.bz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.goatse.ru	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.goatsegirl.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.hai2u.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.homewares.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.howtotroll.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.japscat.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.jiztini.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.kids-in-sandbox.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.kidsinsandbox.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.lemonparty.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.lemonparty.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.lolhello.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.lolshock.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.loltrain.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.meatspin.biz	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.meatspin.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.merryholidays.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.milkfountain.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.mudfall.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.mudmonster.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.nimp.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.nobrain.dk	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.nutabuse.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.octopusgirl.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.on.nimp.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.painolympics.info	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.painolympics.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.phonejapan.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.pressurespot.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.prolapseman.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.punishtube.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.scrollbelow.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.selfpwn.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.sourmath.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.strawpoii.me	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.suckdude.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.thatsjustgay.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.thatsphucked.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.theexgirlfriends.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.thehomo.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.themacuser.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.thepounder.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.tubgirl.me	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.tubgirl.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.turdgasm.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.vomitgirl.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.walkthedinosaur.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.whipcrack.org	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.wormgush.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.xvideoslive.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.youaresogay.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.ypmate.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
www.zentastic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
youaresogay.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
zentastic.com	Intel::DOMAIN	Hostfile	Domínio malicioso
